my  husband wanted to reading about the negro baseball and this a great addition to his library our library does not haveinformation so this book is his start .
this book was very informative , covering all aspects of game .
i am already a baseball fan and knew a bit about the negro leagues , but i learned a lot more reading this book .
this was a good story of the black leagues .
i bought the book to teach in my high school reading class .
i found it very informative and exciting .
i would recommend to anyone interested in the history of the black leagues .
it is well written , unlike a book of facts .
the mckissack's continue to write good books for young audiences that can also be enjoyed by adults !
today i gave a book about the negro leagues of baseball to a traveling friend .
its a book i have read more than once and felt that my friend would truly enjoy .
it felt like giving a gift that you wanted to keep for yourself .
i parted with the book knowing that my friend would enjoy reading it on his journey back east .
before giving him the book i spent about thirty minutes flipping through its pages and saying goodbye to some of the stories in it .
i know i will come across the book again , but for me , parting with books is like wishing a friend well on a journey , just as this friend of mine was journeying .
its great to send a visiting friend off with a friendly gift .
well , in leafing through the book's pages i came across a few paragraphs i wanted to retain as a memory of my friend the book .
here below are the book and the lines from it that show in words what the negro baseball players faced every day of their lives; a color barrier that prevented them from gaining national sports recognition as professionals of the game they loved so much , baseball .
though negro men had proven themselves heroic , capable of soldiering bravely in foreign battles of world war ii , america was still treating them as second class citizens or less here at home .
major league baseball would lead the nation in recovering from its racial prejudicial past .
the nation today , even with a black president , is still playing catch up .
excerpt from black diamond:  "only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues , and that is the pigmentation of their skin .
" shirley povich washington post .
the story of race relations in american history is one of lost opportunity .
this concise history of the negro baseball leagues for young adult readers illustrates this basic point .
the book discusses the names , dates , and circumstances of the major figures and events of the flip side of american baseball history .
legendary names such as josh gibson , "cool papa" bell , and satchel page are just a few of the remarkable players who made important contributions to the game .
among others , they played for teams with names such as the homestead grays , the st .
louis stars , and the kansas city monarchs .
the book also tells the story of owners and managers , such names as negro national league founder rube foster and the tough as nails woman owner of the newark eagles , effa manley spring to mind .
the book also briefly explains how the infamous jim crow tradition brought about the negro baseball saga .
in one thousand, nine hundred and forty-seven , major league baseball was sucessfully integrated and that spelled the doom of the negro baseball leagues .
the text includes an ample number of photographs .
to assist younger readers , and for easy reference purposes , a player profile and time line section is provided at the back of the book .
underlying the historical text , there is the theme that segregated baseball mirrored the nagging problem of racism in america .
a sense of fair play and even-handed justice demands that talent , skill , and just plain style should be celebrated , regardless of race .
to do otherwise cheats everybody of a rewarding experience .
imagine if the great players of the negro baseball leagues had the chance to play (with or against) the great players of the major leagues .
consider the void created by lost opportunity .
i did not like this product it smudged all under my eyes throughly the day .
i simply love the product .
i appreciate print feed back regarding my order .
it burns your eyes when you put it on  and very light so you have to keep going back n forth a lot to get the dark eyeliner color .
also it smudges lot .
waste of money .
smaller versions , not full size as shown in pics .
great eye liner .
purchased for vending resale at bellydance weekend workshop .
nice quality , love the compact packaging , ingredient details are a bit sketchy but i have not gone blind yet .
i love it and it arrived on time .
really nice eyeliner !
it goes on very easily and makes my eyes look bold and beautiful .
letz talk about drama !
love , love , love !
! the movie was breathtaking and this book really shows you the behind-the-scenes work that was needed to make the gorgeous film .
a must buy for any lover of the film or art in general .
gorgeous insights on the making of this movie abound , though i must confess some disappointment at how little we see of two things: story insights , and aisling .
i am a little accustomed to getting a mix of art and emotion in my art of books , and this book feels like it focuses entirely on the art and leaves the story behind .
i also would have liked to see more than one or two pages of aisling illustrations .
that said , it is pretty much exactly how it is billed , and it is a really pretty (and really big) book that definitely showcases how gorgeous the movie was .
if you want art , you get art .
beautifully written and produced .
even if you have not seen the movie , it is a lovely book to page through .
you can study the art in detail and it also shows how a diverse group of  artists' worked together to create something unique and memorable that came out of one person's vision .
a beautiful book and a comprehensive one at that too !
while some art books end up focusing on one aspect of it is respective movie , 'desiging the secret of kells' explores not only how the creators painstakingly captured its beautiful art style , but also looks into character design , production process , story boarding and writing , and  much more .
from the caption and footnotes in the book tells how much the creators are passionate about and love this masterpiece .
just flipping through this book was a joy .
you have to read it to believe it .
i have waited and waited for this book and i finally got it .
not only did i get it , it was also signed as well as a pencil sketch done by the producer and creator .
as i write this i am attending the two thousand and fourteen san diego comic con .
i was so stoked .
anyway , the book not just discusses the film but is very transparent in detailing the process .
even down to giving the color codes of the characters like their eye lash color .
very cool and detailed .
if you get your hands on one get it .
this will be one that the resale value will remain solid .
that is if you would want to give up this classic gem .
the product was cute and easy to use .
it arrived quickly and in perfect condition .
we used the wall decals on the window , wall and mirror .
fun had by all .
game night just got better .
bingo with a twist , can be played for fun or friendly wager .
you will love this card .
i am going to use for get well , birthdays .
. . or thank you's .
. . or even to add on a gift .
i will be ordering more for sure .
very special cards everyone will like .
robert sabuda's cards are always magical and this one could be a "smile in an envelope" .
i send these as get well cards , and they never fail to get the most enthusiastic responses-- the last person i sent one to said , this is like getting a "smile in an envelope" -- thanks for carrying these wonderful cards .
they will brighten any gloomy day and cheer up even the grumpiest patients !
i thought the previous reviewers were exaggerating a bit about the size of this charm but they were not .
it is literally the size of my phone .
it is a very nice charm though and it looks nice hanging out of my front pocket .
the metal cloud charm somehow fell off and is lost forever but i still have the rubbery one on my phone and its a nice thing to hold your phone with so overall i am happy with this purchase and naruto fans comment on it all the time =] .
item was bought as a christmas gift .
this is the fourth in the series that i have bought for the person .
she loves thomas kinkade .
will probably buy the others in this series if still available next year .
this works great !
a must for your pets and yourself when enjoying nature .
ticks are especially bad this year where i live and it has proven to be a wonderful addition to my outdoor gear .
this cell phone charm is way bigger than in the picture , which comes in handy when i am walking around with my cell phone at work .
this product is great !
! i nvr thought it would be as big as i thought but its just the right size for any type of phone .
its material is good so as it designi recommend getting one of these if ur a true naruto ship fan :d .
wonderful stand for my brush and razor .
much better than just setting my razor and brush down on the bathroom sick .
if you are thinking about getting it just do it .
it is worth it .
i bought this for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it thanks for a great product .
looks nice ,well made , hope to have it for many years .
it is classy as all get out .
nice stand .  well polished .
holds razor and brush very well .
the brush side was too small for my brush .
but i bent it just a little and it fits fine now .
solid construction , good fit and finish .
the razor side just fits my razor .
wonderful . great price , solid built , esthetically appealing and mostly practical .
highly recommended !
holder is wobbly and cannot be screwed unless you wish to remove the bottom padding that holds the razor/brush stand .
look around for a better stand where you can easily tighten the screws when it loosens .
it keeps my razor and shaving brush off of the counter .
the stand weighs enough that it is not easily toppled over or pushed around .
very nice , would recommend that you purchase the perfecto shaving brush .
it fits perfect , my old brush did not .
solid base for both brush and razor .
elegant design , well crafted and extremely functional .
it is beautiful enough to leave out on a bathroom vanity .
does not fit brush handle and razor slips easily off center .
the grip is very nice .
built well and nice finish .
only fits smaller handle brushes .
great product .
well made and stable .
provides my brush a great place to dry properly .
stylish appearance as well .
exactly as described .
was a gift and loves it !
very stable , good weight , does not slip or tip on a crowded sink .
does just what i wanted .
product is as described .
it was sturdy right out of the box .
my razor and brush fit perfectly on the stand .
the finish looks really high end and matches my razor and brush set .
the stand is well made looks great .
highly recommend this product .
ordered this stand and came in on time for two day shipping .
perfectly matches the razor that i have (rockwell 6c white chrome) and the escali brush that i ordered also perfectly fits .
amazing stand , works perfectly .
simple and classy .
functional and small enough to fit on a very small counter like ours .
my husband was happy and i am too .
it shines well .
overall , good purchase .
very sturdy construction .
heavy on the base .
it does not rock around on the counter top .
very well chromed  .
seems like it should last a long time .
got my cuckoo clock running again .
so far , so good .
we will see how it looks in a couple of years .
just what i wanted .
the stand is solid and really well-made , i think it suits all the common razors and brushes .
it is a really useful thing , a good choice to organize your space in the bathroom .
there were other stands that were more expensive , but the polished look of this is super nice .
also , its very sturdy and holds everything , no problem .
it is sturdy and balanced well .
the bracket for the shaver does not as easily accommodate razors with wider handles (when i put my razor in , it turns instead of facing in) .
holds a merkur 34c long handle razor well .
holds an omega/proraso pro forty-eight at the comb (where bristles join handle) of the brush .
i prefer , however , a brush to be held far above the comb near the end of the brush handle .
(most pictures of brush stands show them holding the brush at the comb , but i think that looks weird and top-heavy .
call me weird , then .
)  the arms are too narrow for the omega .
i have a tool for opening / closing links of chain and i used it , but the result was a very wide v shape and i did not want to put the somewhat fragile plastic handle in position while i used the tool to squeeze the v shape into more of a c shape .
so i put it back into its original shape .
ill save as its a very good stand , and if i get a brush that will work the way i want to suspend the brush , i certainly will use this .
i like this because it did fit my razor and brush but it comes loose pretty quickly just use a screwdriver and you will be golden .
does look nice on the bathroom counter .
very well made and has worked well for these past two years with no issues .
good quality , i just wish the shaving brush we bought would have fit it .
but it is very nice and makes the bathroom look a lot less cluttered and cleaner .
great product , very stable and looks great .
looks and feels great .
note: a bit small for my semogue two thousand brush .
. . . . .  might be a good idea to buy this at the same time as the brush so you know they fit together .
holds you stuff like it should .
boyfriend loves !
great looks , and keeps the razor away from any germs .
it gives the bathroom a classier look .
i really like it .
nice stand . very sturdy and balanced .
looks nice too .
thought it was going to be a big stand but was glad it was very small but not too small for it not to accommodate the razorock plissoft brush and my edwin jagger eighty-nine razor and it fits nicely in a small medicine cabinet .
the build quality is excellent .
not sure if its stainless steel but feels and look really solid and top class  .
only problem is it does not fit my brush handle but its not an issue as it fits below the brush handle .
the base also has a type of velvet material in the bottom so i do not think it would be a good idea to leave it on your bathroom sink or where it can get wet .
bought this for my friend two years ago and still looks great .
no tarnishing at all .
very nice quality .
highly recommend .
perfect .  as described !
bought it as a present .
. .does not fit a standard gillette razor .
good weighted base .
holds my semogue boar bristle very well .
as well as my merkur long handle razor .
very nice stand , especially for the price if you only have one razor and one brush .
if i was the mfg .
i would make this ideal by adding two top additional attachments ,  one would be a four piece holder for razors and the other would be a four piece holder for brushes .
classy product .
works as described .
has organized and polished the look of a corner of my bath .
a good purchase .
it is well worth the price .
looks good on my sink .
very sturdy and holds my vikings products .
these are pretty and solid .
i was slightly disappointed that they were not the same and of the same quality as the ones i got from reed and barton for my wedding twenty-eight years ago .
. . but they also are much less expensive .
a solid buy for the price .
just as described .
seems to be good quality .
has some weight to it .
shipping was very fast .
i may put a larger base on this , it is a little tippy .
i use it all the time and like it though .
i have decide to rotate brushes .
the first stand was sturdy and unobtrusive , i bought another .
love this simple stand goes well with my badger brush and merkur safety razor .
this stand looks good and works good .
i would give five stars but it did not accommodate my brush without distorting the metal ring at the base of the bristles , however the brush goes in and i am happy .
great little stand .
good product - meets the needs .
its the right size for the right product .
its well made with sturdy stainless steel material .
this stand fits my razer handle and brush perfectly and was shipped super fast .
has a good weight so it is not tippy .
my husband loves it !
came fast , and all ready put together excellent price .
. . .very satisfied .
very nice razor stand .
it is not rusting and has been a great addition to my shaving gear .
looks exactly the same as the $ two hundred+ one they sell at the art of shaving .
even the engraving matches my muhle r89 .
works great . just what i needed .
beautiful !it is nice to find old fashioned quality and this is it .
the fit and finish is excellent , it is heavy enough it is completely stable .
i am enjoying it every day .
arrived as described .
fits my simpson 90mm brush and edwin jagger razor perfectly .
sturdy stand that is practical and holds your shaving brush properly so it can dry out between use .
well made and functional .
nice stand at a reasonable price .
looks very good , sturdy .
nice  as a gift , neatly packed .
it is a nice stand .
well built and good foundation .
but does not fit the "art of shaving" badger brushes .
this is a well made nice stand but when you search for "mach three razor stand" on amazon this is the first result .
. . the problem is if you try to put a mach three razor on it it falls right off and there is no way to get it to stay on .
so if you are looking for a something to hold your cartridge razor this may not work depending on how its shaped .
fantastic for the brush , does not work with standard gillette razor .
the prongs are too narrow to catch the blade tip on the razor .
the handle has a taper that is an odd shape and twists out of the prongs .
this is an otherwise well made unit .
wish it had wider prongs for regular razors !
very nice razor and brush stand .
it does have a good amount of weight in the base to keep it from tipping over easily .
overall , i am happy with my purchase .
rite height and it does not tip over !
great item simpke good quality .
very nice . fit my razor well .
very sturdy design .
the stand is very attractive and stable .
the product picture showed the shaving brush held at the handle , but the synthetic brush i bought had a larger handle .
. .so i hang it where the knot meets the handle .
this works just fine .
i am very pleased with this stand .
feels weighty and durable !
i took a star off due to my brush not being able to fit the holder .
i will probably keep it for my next brush .
great , well built stand .
holds brush and razor perfectly .
i got this for my husband and he says , while is did not fit around his razorock plissoft brush handle , it fit around the bristles .
it also has a heavy base and looks nice .
size is great and holds my custom mach three razor handle perfectly .
the shaving brush side of this stand is a bit snug for my brush hanging it by the handle but if you place the brush handle above the fork you can easily place and remove the brush with one hand .
overall i am very pleased with this stand and would highly recommend it .
holds my safety razor and brush neatly and allows for optimal drying .
it is not necessarily a "must have" but i like having my counter organized and this definitely serves its purpose .
somewhat disappointed the stand did not fit the brush i have .
seems to need something of a specific type of brush to set in the cradle right .
it is a good product aside from this though .
was able to switch my travelling and home brush and make it work .
this shaving brush stand is sturdier than i expected and looks great .
i expect this will last me a very long time .
this makes organizing your shaving kit a lot easier and provides fast access to your brush and razor when you are going to shave .
it looks great as well .
get this for your safety razor .
you do shave using a safety razor right ?
absolutely wonderful item !
i have been using this razor stand for just over a month and it makes it easy to stay organized .
very easy to maintain as well .
cheap . does what i need it to do .
purchased this with my perfecto badger brush and edwin jagger .
seems pretty universal .
does not lean at all .
water spots on the metal sort of bother me but that is just how chrome is i think .
i worry the bottom might get really wet on the felt but we will see .
had to return .
it did not fit the harrys razor .
great quality though .
nicely made , does job perfectly , and looks great .
received package on time .
looks great and holds my safety razor perfectly .
i bought this for my boyfriend and he said it was the perfect size for his razor .
it is a great value and looks so much better than his plastic one did !
perfect for my bathroom counter and keeping things neat .
great product !
heavy weight and high quality !
excellent buy !
looks good . feels solid .
its a nice little thing i bought for myself .
it is stainless steel looks nice and easily holds the shaving brush .
it is short for my razor gilette five series to be placed into the small slot .
i like it and would recommend it to other people .
solid , stable , and attractive .
holds the brush and razor as advertised .
the heavy base makes it stable in the cabinet with the brush and razor in it .
happy purchase .
everything was perfect  !
nice and clean look .
does not really fit a shaving brush when you try to hang it from the bottom of the handle .
i have to hang my brush kind of above the handle where the hair of the brush meets the handle .
was not really expecting it to be too narrow , so maybe measure the diameter of your brush handle if you are looking to hand your brush by it is base .
pro: pretty clean design .
con: size of openings are a little off in my opinion .
well made . looks perfect in my bathroom and the razor and brush fit perfect .
very well crafted and aesthetically pleasing product .
very satisfied customer .
nice weight , looks great !
!  would recommend to anyone .
really ties the bathroom together .
sturdy stand that holds my mercur 34c and perfecto brush .
does not take up any unnecessary room and looks very clean and neat .
i am very satisfied with this stand .
it worked very well .
bought this for my husband after doing a lot of research on different brands .
it is really a beautiful stand (better than in the picture) - he loves it !
very well built product  -  use & enjoy it every day .
i bought this as a gift for my husband .
i got the perfecto shaving brush which obviously fits perfectly .
on the other side he puts his gillette mach three razor and it fits well .
it looks great on our counter .
great price for a great product !
solid design with no wobble , and it looks great .
i would definitely buy perfecto again .
good quality and looks nice .
does not fit standard brush or razor .
it is fine . wanted to order a replacement for the brush holder part as it was discarded by error .
was told they do not stock any replacement parts .
perfect just what i needed .
make my countertop a little neater .
this razor and brush stand is made very sturdy .
the base is very heavy and it does not move when i hang my razor and brush on the stand .
i would recommend this stand to anyone who wants their brush to dry out between shaves and wants their brush to maintain its shape .
i purchased this product as a gift .
the product is as described and a good quality .
it does not take up much space on the counter and its construction is solid .
there is ample room for both the brush and razor .
it is a much bettter buy than similar products i looked at that were much more expensive .
very nice product price worthy very solid metal and well detailed , arrived just when was told , customer always notified me about the delivery and kept me informed .
a sturdy stand that looks good as well .
does what it needs to do , good weight for the purpose , i am happy !
good quality . however , does not accommodate a omega shaving brush (#ten thousand and forty-eight boar bristle aka the pro forty-eight) .
the opening is only wide enough to rest the brush not from the handle (desirable) but from the top of the bristles (i .
e . , bottom of handle) .
very well made , aesthetically appealing and very handy for storing my razor and brush .
functional and looks great .
beautiful product !
really amps up the fancy factor on my bathroom counter .
functional & beautiful - a perfect compliment to my razor & brush .
several people have admired this piece .
it is great for holding my safety razor .
brush opening too narrow .
i recommend finding a brush holder with a 30mm opening .
excellent stand for the money .
already came pre assembled .
very good quality , beautiful finish .
i would buy another for a gift if needed .
my husband loves this stand , for his shaving brush !
excellent stand !
exactly what i was looking for .
great product , great price .
exactly as described .
i bought this for my husband and he loves it .
he likes how sturdy and masculine it is and that it holds his shaving brush so well .
great razor and brush stand .
sturdy and nice looking .
perfect addition to my bathroom counter .
very nice stand for a new to the safety razor setup .
this would probably be an amazing stand but be very aware of the size of your brush handle .
the ones you get at the art of dhaving store do not fit .
the perfect way to hold the shaving brush and razor .
good sturdy stand , very happy with it .
received in good condition .
not loose , ready for instant use .
works well with my razor and brush .
i have had it a couple of weeks and works fine but time will tell if there are any rust problems .
help me a lot very great .
works perfectly seems it could fit any brush or razor .
my shving brush was too large in diameter .
tried to open the jaws a little .
it broke . my fault but check your brush size before ordering .
very nice quality , but not tall enough for my brush .
nice product . heavy and gets the job done .
works like it should .
this is a great stand for the money .
perfect stand for razor & brush !
the stand arrived on time and undamaged .
i was deligted with the fit , finish and overall quality of the piece .
the weighted base adds stability , and the bright chrome matches my premium safety razor .
i recommend without reservation .
good quality , worth the price .
good solid stand , for the money great value .
very convenient stand for my shaving bush and safety razor .
pros:helps shaving brush keep its shape while dryingeasy to use / works for most shaving brushes and safety razorscons:it can be a little bulky for travel , so i usually do not take it with me on short trips .
happy with my purchase .
does exactly what i need it to do: holds my razor and my shaving brush .
cannot beat it for the price .
it looks nice , does the job .
weighty base makes it stable .
the knurling on the main rod matches the merkur razor nicely .
excellent piece and solidly built .
looks fantastic on my sink next to my face bowl .
totally purchase this item if you have an old school shaving kit .
. . this completes it .
a decent product , however the end that holds the brush was not wide enough for mine .
i have to really force the brush onto the holder for it to stay .
love it ! holds my razor and brush perfectly and looks nice and well organized .
tongs are too narrow for my shaving brush .
i love this little stand .
it was a beautiful minimalist chrome design that perfectly holds my viking chieftain safety razor and brush .
its footprint on my counter top is small and i really like that my razor and brush are able to air dry rather than getting stuck into a drawer where they have a tendency to get gross .
stand performs perfectly .
i use it to hold two different razors .
a shick hydro and a bic disposable .
great stand , can be used with long handle razors without problems .
very attentive customer service .
initial quality is very nice .
avoid long term water exposure , do not leave it in the shower , otherwise very nice .
it is very compact , nice looking and functional .
it fits very nicely on my 'shaving shelf' in the bathroom .
i take it down for shaving , set it on the edge of the sink , and put it back up there when done .
it is a good choice for holding your brush and razor .
well made , holds a badger brush and safety razor with no problem .
made of stainless steel so no fear of rusting .
it is heavy and harder to knock over .
the base is solid and heavy with a rubber foot keeping it planted in place .
it would be a simple thing , but i had made the mistake of getting a cheap one first , so i learned my lesson early on .
that said , it is not an expensive item , so you get a lot of value for you money .
this is a beautiful stand !
it has weight to it so it is not wobbly !
actually , it looks elegant in our bathroom .
fits my parker badger bristle shaving brush and merkur long and standard handled razors perfectly .
looks and feels nice , has some heft and feels quality .
the razor and brush stand is beautiful .
it is well-crafted with a sleek , contemporary , masculine look .
it was a great add-on for my husband .
this is a rolls-royce kind of razor stand !
it probably weighs half a pound , no kidding .
i cannot imagine this stand ever tipping over unless some kind of a natural disaster is in process at the time .
the brush that i have fits perfectly into the stand , which is notable , because it did not fit into another stand i had (it was too long) .
this stand , however , is probably at least six inches tall , so it is going to be hard to find something that does not fit .
i do have one gripe , but it is minor .
the slant-bar razor i use flops around a bit , because the stand expects a straight-bar razor .
i cannot really fault the stand there , though .
overall , this exceeds the expectations that i had , particularly for the money !
superb . every thing about this is top notch .
very hard to believe it is from china .
base is heavy , top piece (holder) is thick steel , at least three/sixteen'' or better .
post and acorn knob are nicely knurled .
the chrome is excellent .
rubber pad under base keeps it in place , and prevents scratches on your nice vanity top .
will not tip over , very stable when loaded with my parker variant and brush .
unbelievable value vs cost ratio .
look no further .
the stand works very well and it also looks great , much nicer than the cheesey plastic one i had previously .
works well and looks great .
heavy , sturdy .
very sturdy and holds the razor and brush nicely .
works as described .
does not fit my two razors very well .
they rest right on their head .
matches perfectly with the gentleman jon shaving kit !
excellent build quality .
fits every single item my small assortment of shaving brushes and safety razors .
highly recommended .
great product !
it is well made , durable , and looks good .
would definitely recommend to anyone .
product was delivered on time , packaged well , and friendly email sent thanking me for purchasing .
extremely happy with the purchase !
its a metal stand .
it is priced right .
what can go wrong ?
a compact yet attractive means of storing my shave brush and my razor with no clutter .
a really nice addition to my shaving needs .
looks great has a good weight to it is working well with my new razor .
ok . . .poor quality .
. .much better brands out there for the price .
its shinny and it holds my razor .
my husband soo happy to have them .
strudy , stable & looks good .
does what it is supposed to do and looks good .
the old style razors fit better on it , but this is due to the design of the razor , not the stand .
when you receive the stand , it may be wobbly .
there is a piece of paper explaining how to tighten it .
my paper fell to the floor so i almost returned it .
works like a charm !
this is exactly what i was looking for .
it holds the brush by the very butt end so i do not crush the hair fibers when putting it on or taking it off the stand like other models .
it holds my de razor well .
the stand is heavy enough so that it is stable on my bathroom counter .
i have been using this for over a month and it has never fallen over or wobbled .
so far the finish has worn well in a humid bathroom .
i recommend this product .
exactly as described .
elegant when pared with a decent razor .
looks great in a modern everyday use bathroom or even a rustic cabin setting .
it gets the job done .
it came with the bottom semi screwed to the point it was going to fall off .
i just tightened it back up and was sturdy again .
it sits on my sink an i have no rusting .
it holds my shaving brush and stainless steel razor just fine .
looks very sharp and is surprisingly very well built it does what it is intended to do and keeps my girlfriend from complaining about me leaving my razor out .
i have owned this stand for about two weeks and always enjoy seeing it .
would definitely buy again .
looks great and the quality is good also .
would recommend .
the product looks great on my bathroom counter .
it does the job intended .
the item arrived in good condition .
holds my razor and brush perfectly .
the stand was already assembled when i took it out of the box .
thank you for that .
shiny , looks just like picture .
falls over quite frequently though .
sturdy , heavy , and does the job .
this stand is very rugged feeling !
looks incredible , and holds my brush and razor .
adds a lot of class to my vanity .
just right for keeping your fines brushes fine and holds a razor , too .
all with very little counter space !
nice sturdy stand  , safty razor fits well .
looks nice , brush holds on well but not the shaver .
husband uses gillette .
looks great , solid construction .
i bought this to replace an old razor stand that was starting to rust due to a sub par chrome job .
for the price ,  i was not expecting a whole lot for this stand , however , i was pleasantly surprise once i opened the box .
the stand is very robust , evenly chromed , and it has a nice neoprene padding on the bottom .
build quality is excellent .
i have been looking for something like this for a long time , i just did not know that i really wanted it .
. . . .i had seen a lot of them over the years , but , this is something that looks more like the one my grampa frank used .
. . . . .the packaging , and the product are in perfect order .
. . .thank you !
works great . thank you for your business .
this stand is nicely weighted to hold both your razor and brush nice and stable on your countertop .
it is simplicity and build quality make it a good value , in my opinion .
highly recommended .
husband loves this .
l was surprised by the quality of the finish and the weight when i received this , i would prefer the padding under the base to be made out of rubber instead of foam so it would be more durable and would not absorb water , but i cannot ask for too much at this price .
the razor and brush stand are exactly what i wanted .
it is solid , has good weight and nicely holds my razor and brush .
i did try a disposable travel razor and that did not work so well , but for my everyday razor it looks great and works well .
i would buy this again .
the stand is well made .
my parker brush and merkur long handle razor fit perfectly .
very heavy so it stays put .
seems like it will last .
i have a razor from harry's that i wanted to use the stand for .
it just does not fit well; i have to have it just right to fit .
in hindsight i should have dug deeper and just gone with a box style holder .
well made and sturdy .
excellent . cannot be happier .
the stand is beautiful and sturdy .
it came at a great value and in a reasonable amount of time .
great little razor and brush stand .
good quality . easily assembled .
breaks down to fit in small toiletry bag for travel .
i rest my brush and disposable sensor3 razor in it .
just what i expected !
do not waste your money on this pos .
the stem will not screw into the base .
i bought this terrific chrome razor and brush stand for my teenage grandson and he loves it .
it is weighted at the base for stability , fits the pure badger brush ( also purchased from this company ) , looks sharp on his counter and keeps his shaving products mildew free and at-the-ready .
do not hesitate to buy !
does not hold razor effectively .
. . slips off .
does hold brush well .
great stand with a reasonable price .
very nice design .
works well and is stable .
works just as intended .
so far so good .
my brush and razor fit fine .
cannot complain .
a nice chrome finish , looks clean .
cannot beat the price !
looks very nice and functions as promised .
sturdy and looks great on my bathroom countertop .
well made , sturdy stand .
no complaints and love the look .
it is nice and well made , just be aware that it will not fit the gillette handles (at least not the flexball type) , although you can sort of get it in there sideways .
gave it four stars because it is well made , but disappointed it does not accommodate the best selling handle in the country .
perfect - kept in my bathroom and not a hint of rust or tarnishing .
holds razor and brush perfectly .
highly recommended .
this is a very durable and we will made stand .
it has a slip resistance bottom .
does not slide easy on the vanity topp .
nice polished chrome and heavy feeling .
this was money well spent , and it is priced good .
i was pleasantly surprised with the quality .
i am only using it to hold a merkur razor right now , but it stands up just fine even without the brush .
this is an inexpensive but very functional holder .
takes up very little space and is a heavy and well made item .
serves me well .
i use the perfecto badger brush and merkur 34c with it .
sturdy stand and it looks nice in the bathroom .
the gillette razor i have been using does not fit very well , as it slides out easily .
as soon as i started using it , i forgot about it .
made right , no issues .
i give it a five star reviews because it is exactly what they promised .
looks nice and fits my set .
i did not have any  problem with it being lose like i saw in some other reviews .
fast shipping .
great product and has lasted .
the stand is modern looking .
it fits my shaving brush and razor perfectly .
it eliminates my old clutter:  it is good value for your money .
this stand is well made and attractive .
however , i use it with a gillette fusion cartridge razor and while i can get the razor to stay in , it is tricky and sometimes slips out .
works awesome .
great stand , fast shipping , works great with my viking chieftain razor and perfecto brush .
would be better if it held my badger brush better .
my brush falls off it easily .
very nicely made !
real weight to it and it is very well balanced .
was as expected .
this stand is excellent !
it is sturdy , properly weighted , and does not wobble .
the chrome plating and the fit of all component parts are high quality .
the stand is tall enough to accommodate my antique brush , which has longer bristles than newer models , and easily works with a long-handled razor .
this is exactly what i was looking for in every respect .
thanks for a great product at a fair price !
very sturdy , i love the look .
their razor fits nicely into it .
it may only fit the bristle brushes that they sell .
i had another brush from a different company and it does not fit .
very sturdy and looks fantastic on the counter .
amazing ! classic elegant looking great price very happy with purchase !
after using the cheap plastic versions , i finally broke down and bought one , then immediately bought a second one for my son .
well made and just what i needed to keep my shaving gear organized .
got this for my husband and it looks pretty fancy and sturdy .
arrived and performs as presented .
not unattractive and well made sink top storage for my merkur and badger .
this stand is very well constructed and should last for a very long time .
hanging the brush bristles down is so important to maintaining the brush that everyone that uses a brush and shaving soap should have a stand .
if you need a stand , this stand is an excellent choice and value .
the perfecto deluxe chrome razor & brush stand is a must have for anyone who prefers a wet shave .
this beautifully chromed , solidly constructed unit has  perfectly fashioned prongs to support and display any double edged razor and shaving brush , along with an appealing knurled center post and a weighted base .
for me , this is the razor/brush stand to have .
no nonsense , visually appealing , functional and well made , all at a great price .
mine came from pop !
shop through amazon and rapid delivery & courteous follow up made the experience a pleasure .
quality and stylish product .
keeps my shaving tools organize and dry .
boyfriend says it is good !
just what i needed .
nice stand . works well and looks good .
great item and transaction !
looks and works very good and would recommend to others who need .
i recently purchased this stand along with my very first safety razor and badger brush .
the item matches the display photos and description very closely .
i was impressed with the overall quality of materials used and the appearance of the stand .
if you have a chrome plated style safety razor , this stand is a great compliment to the finish of your razor .
i have been reaching in a drawer for my double edge razor for years , occasionally cutting myself by grabbing the blade side .
two weeks ago was the last time , i ordered the stand and my index finger is healing just fine , i must say .
. the brush hanger side is a bonus .
great deal on a great product !
very nice quality and matches perfectly with my merkur 34c razor .
really like this stand .
my only criticism , and reason i give it four stars , is that in spite of all the reviews that said harry's razors would fit , it is only a half truth .
the razor dose indeed "fit ," but the fit is tight and only at one narrow spot well below the blade .
further , when i take the razor off the stand i must hold the stand with one hand and pull the razor out with the other .
my tweezerman brush fits wonderfully , and truthfully the tight razor fit is a minor irritant .
other than that the stand is very well made and looks good on my counter .
this stand is great , it has weight to it and there is no wiggling to the stand when you are moving it .
works and good , accidentally ordered two and glad i did as one was broken .
i really cannot complain with this product .
i needed a stand , and this worked out great with what i have .
looks good in my medicine cabinet :) .
great quality for the price .
absolutely fits the bill , keeps my razor and brush stable , secure and avoids mess .
what else could i want ?
nice stand . arrived in good condition .
my wife still will not let me leave on the counter .
excellent stand , classy and simple .
came fully assembled .
fits my merkur razor perfectly , and my art of shaving brush also fits , although i have to slide it in right where the quills meet the handle instead of at the bottom of the handle like shown in the picture .
this has not been a problem so far .
i was a little worried that the brush would not fit at all being a different brand than the stand , so i am glad it does .
the stand looks sharp and clean , and feels solidly made .
it functions like it should .
and it looks nice .
and it seems like it was made well .
and it matches my razor .
good universal fit for a safety razor and brush .
unexpected bonus that the pattern matched up with my razor very well , also .
nice way to store the shaving essentials .
rusted out pretty quickly .
the opening for the razor was also too narrow .
looked nice when new , though .
well made and sturdy .
i bought this over a year ago when i first got into the safety razor and brush game .
it is extremely useful to hold and and dry your shaving brush to keep bacteria and mold to grow .
it has a nice clean chrome finish and is very durable- not cheaply made .
good for the price .
fits my brush and razor perfect , love it so far .
great product .
good price .  no complaints .
love this stand , however my gillette razor with the swivel ball just about fits .
what a great item , i wish i would have bought this earlier !
i would recommend this to everyone !
very sturdy , holds my brush and razor perfectly .
i bought this stand to clear up clutter on my vanity .
it is heavy enough to be stable and does what it is supposed to .
perfect for holding my viking razor .
love it ! it has a beautiful high chromed finish and is excellent quality .
it sits solidly on the counter and my brush and razor fit perfectly .
i definitely recommend this product .
this was a gift for my husband .
so far he likes the brush and holder .
as described in an email from the company , the brush did lose some hairs in the beginning but that has subsided .
i feel it was a good purchase .
i bought this stand , a shaving cup , and a brush for my son-in-law for fathers' day .
he was absolutely thrilled with the gift .
he informed me that the past few brushes have broken , and he thinks that he will be able to safeguard the new brush by hanging it on the stand (he is never had a stand before .
)  he is so-o difficult to buy gifts for .
i was grateful that my daughter alerted me that he needed a new shaving set .
feels very solid .
this thing is a piece of junk .
the rubber bottom , while it helps to keep the unit from sliding around , has the added caveat of remaining wet for a long period of time after a shave .
how do you dry it ?
i do not know .  perhaps by turning it on its side until it air dries .
in  the meantime , what then to do with one's razor and , more importantly , one's shaving brush which must be stored with the bristles facing downward so the knot does not get ruined from getting soaked ?
also , this unit is rather tall , so it will not easily fit into a cabinet recess or on a cabinet shelf .
i guess the unit is okay as long as you can leave it out , but i would still recommend placing it on  a dry paper towel after shaving to prevent mildew from forming and , worse , spreading .
legionnaire's , anyone ?
great quality stand and it work just fine .
just purchase my second one for my brother and he like it  .
very sturdy and easy to assemble .
brush and razor fit perfect .
this is an ideal stand for the superior perfecto shave brush and my merkur razor .
i ordered the perfecto deluxe chrome razor/brush stand along with the  "parker safety razor synthetic bristle shaving brush with blue wood handle" as shown in the "frequently bought together" section on amazon .
pay close attention to what the ordering instructions say .
do not order the stand before you measure the brush .
the brush is not a good fit with this stand .
it can work but the brush tilts sideways .
i believed the frequently bought together claim thinking it would provide a good fit with the brush .
it fits fine with my razor .
i may be sending the stand back to amazon .
otherwise the stand is all that is promised .
the brush i am keeping !
love it ! looks great on my bathroom sink .
level , sturdy , well-made .
perfect fit in finish and style for my merkur 34c .
a necessary fixture for the de shave enthusiast .
my brush and razor look very tidy in this piece .
it is also small enough to fit on the bottom shelf on my bathroom mirror cabinet .
heavy duty and feels like it should cost twice as much .
this is a terrific product .
i enjoy having a holder for my shaving brush and for my razor .
i have different types of razors and they all fit in the slot .
well built . sturdy .
super sturdy ! holds my brush and harry's stainless handle razor perfectly .
nice combo . base does not rattle or tilt .
i like that i can keep my brush to air dry suspended on the rack .
i am not quite sure , though , if i want to hang my razor on the rack or keep it in a coffee mug with a little swan mineral oil just to keep the blades sharper and reduce oxidization .
my other concern with using the rack to hang a razor is that if you leave the razor blade inside , someone could inadvertently swipe their hand and cut themselves on the razor .
in any event , this rack does the job and does not take up too much space .
has a very solid base and securely holds my safety razor blade .
plus the chrome finish looks cool !
this is a beautiful and very sturdy stand .
the one that came with my husband's razor broke , and he only had it since christmas !
i highly recommend this item .
i ordered this to protect the brush only .
due to limited space on the counter top my husband elected to place the stand in the mug after shaving and hung the brush on it .
i must admit it looks classy with the brush hanging in the mug .
the stand , being chrome , is of good quality and for that i thank you .
i got this stand to hold my de and shave brush .
great and attractive stand .
look much nicer than just leaving my razor and brush on my counter .
also turns out that hanging your shaving brush is the best way to dry .
quality finish , heavy and long enough for a merkur 23c .
great stand it does the job at a low price point .
this stand is solid and heavy .
works great . i do wish it had a bowl under the brush , but all the stands with the bowl on the bottom were not as heavy or solid as this one .
however , after months of using it , there are not any water spots under where the brush hangs , so it really does not drip anyway .
exactly what i needed , this thing is but to last , perfecto !
works great and as described .
perfect for standard brush and razor .
essential for any gentleman .
after ten months the chrome began to flake off from pole .
just sat in my shower , no odd uses to because the flaking .
other than that , has worked well .
works as intended and fits in almost any space .
has kept my brush's shape and kept both my brush and razor clean .
received this last week .
appears to be well constructed and performs well as stated .
look forward to may years of use with this product .
arrived broken .
poor quality . disappointed .
i use this to hold my viking razor and edwin jagger brush .
the chrome finish looks great and has a nice weight to it .
it helps keep my bathroom counter looking organized and sophisticated without breaking the bank .
well , i have only had the product for a few days but from what i can tell in this short period of time , i am very happy with the stand .
it is made of top quality materials .
i like the rubber material on the base .
it stays in place on my sink .
i bought it for my husband as a present and he loves it !
! ! it looks really sophisticated and it is practical .
he is really thankful .
product stand is very eye catching only problem i find is that the brush side opening is little too small and cannot hold my old brush .
it would be more useful if the edges were slightly raised so it will hold the razor in place without sliding out .
my boyfriend loves this stand .
it is very cute and holds his razor well .
i am very happy with this purchase !
great item , if you do not want your brush and razor moving around and picking up bacteria in flat surfaces .
things look organized .
dry brush , dry razor .
nice design , solid construction .
perfect stand !
excellent quality , at fair price !
i returned this item as the vertical component was loose on the base causing it to wobble and not sit vertical .
great quality and build .
not happy:( product arrived today but seems very poor quality to me .
hope that after i use it i will be happier .
hubby uses it every day !
holds his straight razor and brush nicely and looks really nice on the counter .
looks very good and functions very well .
sleek looking !
after going to the art of shaving and seeing that these razor stands cost about $ one hundred i decided to give this one a try based on amazon reviews .
i was specifically looking for a stand that would hold my bevel razor and shaving brush .
it holds it perfectly and looks great .
best $ sixteen or so bucks i have ever spent .
great size . holds shave brush well .
razor holder will not hold a mach three razor which is a bummer .
super solid stand , very well built and fits my razor and brush perfectly .
definitely recommend !
attractive addition to the vanity .
heavy metal with highly polished chrome finish .
securely holds the shaving brush and razor .
great item from a great seller !
the build quality of this product is excellent for the price .
highly recommended !
good stand , no rusting or issues after a couple years .
does not fit one of my brushes  but i suppose there are different sizes out there .
fit & finish is great so far though .
i bought it for my husband .
it is very attractive in our remodeled bathroom .
he likes how it keeps the brush handy without making his side cluttered .
this stand feels very strong and i am hoping i will have a long shaving life with this stand .
i would recommend this stand to a friend .
i bought the 1st one and it did what it fit my badger brush perfectly .
did it sing to me while i was shaving or turn on a lite everytime i went into the bathroom - absolutely not .
was i disappointed because it did not have all those extra bells and whistles - not a chance .
i ordered a brush and razor stand and that is i got .
the fact it was delivered in a timely manner , is a quality product is the plus i was looking for and got .
now read the title of this review .
this is a nice , high quality razor and brush holder .
it looks good and has a nice balance to the weighted base .
works great for holding a normal size brush and razor !
been looking for quite awhile , and am glad i went with this one .
this is a sturdy neat stand .
it looks nice .
this is the 1st stand of its kind that i have purchased and it appears that it will last a very long time .
love it . compliments my razor and brush perfectly .
highly recommended .
not sure what more to tell you except buy it .
the heavy stand provides stability .
the simple design saves space on the sink top .
it is very stylish and easy to clean .
this stand is as advertised -- it seems sturdy and looks good .
it is nice to have a proper stand for my razor and brush .
looks great . it is very stable to hold the rezors .
i would recommend this product to all .
i will update later after using a few months .
good product- fast shipping .
came well packaged with no issues- instructions sent via email for the shaver if you have not used this type of razor .
liked it but did not fit the razor .
this is a quality stand with a really sturdy , non slip base .
it fits my traditional safety razor and art of shaving brush .
my dad loved the gift .
i needed something to hold my double edge razor and brush .
it had to be simple and entirely functional .
this stand fits the bill perfectly .
it is exactly what i had in mind .
price is right , too .
a beautiful and sturdy stand .
solid , well put together .
i am very happy with my purchase , and look forward to .
using it for decades to come .
the stand looks better in person than the picture .
it is a nice addition to my sink top along with a parker chrome handled brush and jagger razor .
just what i was looking for .
simple , well made and there is a slight upturn at the end of each hook that keeps your razor and brush in place .
does what you want it ti do .
you cannot go wrong with this stand .
pretty good quality .
not much to say here .
the stand came in the mail partially disassembled but it was easy to set up .
fit my brush and safety razor perfectly .
i like it , but in reality its ok , you get what you pay for , it falls apart kind of easy at the base and needs to be re tighten very very often , i found it more for aesthetics , used it for about a month , but put it away , and did not miss it when it was gone .
overall if you need one i would still recommend .
great quality and very sturdy .
i am using it with a brush and gillette fusion razor which has to sit a little bit high in the stand , but whatever it works and looks sharp .
chrome plated to be water resistant , fits most double edge razors and brushes ,with a sturdy build that can be disassembled for storage .
excellent chrome stand .
very high quality , very nice price !
very pleased with this purchase !
beautifully crafted , very elegant stand that holds up !
so happy with my purchase !
very well built and sturdy .
look nice on the bathroom counter as well .
very nice ! solid material .
outstanding customer service !
this is a good product , although my perfecto safety razor tends to fall off easily if i pick up the stand to move it to the vanity when i am about to shave .
does the job , nothing spectacular .
its the same stand that is sold under many names , but the price is better .
delivered on time and am very pleased with it .
fits viking chieftain and viking brush perfectly .
i am using the unit with a badger hair brush and a merkur razor .
both fit nicely .
unit came packed well , free of any defects or shipping damage .
seller was responsive and friendly .
the chrome does not look cheap and the unit is rather heavy and appears that it will hold up for many years of use .
very happy with product and seller and would recommend both to anyone .
great addition to the shaving arsenal !
holds my brush and my de razor , what more could i ask for .
its perfect for my husbands existing razor and the badger brush i bought him .
it came loose .
it holds the razar and brush but wiggly .
this is the best invention ever .
would not be without it .
quite a decent stand indeed .
it does everything that i need to hold a brushes and a variety of safety razors .
i like products that come as advertised , that you can put to good use and do not have to fiddle with to get them to do what you bought them for .
this is just that sort of simple , solid stand .
well made and compact enough to fit in the medicine chest .
in the answered questions it said it would fit my razor but it did not .
i have the merkur long handled safety razor (mk 23c) so do not buy this stand if you have that razor .
otherwise its sturdy and clean and would be a good stand .
seems high quality and gets the job done !
also matches perfectly with my merkur de razor .
the brush holder is a little on the small side (i kind of have to jam the brush into it) .
great stand . i have had it for a few months now and it still looks new with no signs of rust .
no surprise . .
. .will look better with a mug brush .
excellent stand for my razor and brush .
. .nice finish !
i have a merkur futur safety razor , and although the handle is too thick to hold the razor as intended , the narrow part of the handle fits just fine .
perfect with razor and brush .
item was as described .
solid , nicely chromed stand .
great value for the price .
looks and feels sturdy and built to last .
does not wobble at all .
rubber on base means it will not scratch my counter .
for having a place to keep my blade and cream brush it is perfect .
perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand works great , i am able to keep my razor and brush off the sink counter , easier to keep brush clean and free of germs , allows brush to air dry , rather than sitting on wet counter .
my razor has a clean surface to rest on .
this is a great product , manufactured extremely well .
the stand is easy to disassemble/reassemble for cleaning .
overall a great product and completes my set .
all of these products i have purchased was a grand slam !
very satisfied with the company and their fine products .
highly recommend !
!<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/perfecto-deluxe-chrome-razor-and-brush-stand-the-best-safety-razor-stand-this-will-prolong-the-life-of-your-shaving-brush/dp/b00ko46cta/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ?
ie=utf8">perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand - the best safety razor stand .
this will prolong the life of your shaving brush .
i did not know if i would like this or not but because of the good press about it , i decided to try it .
i am a senior so the photo of a child's feet on it was a bit intimidating but i stuck to my determination to buy it and am so glad i did .
it has a permanent home in my master bathroom and i use it daily .
you can believe what they say about it .
it puts your body in the correct position for doing the best at what you do !
nice looking , heavy ,  but be careful that you get a brush that fits or can modify your brush handle to fit .
beautiful , good quality stand .
bought for my husband as a gift and it has added instant class to our bathroom !
prompt delivery , too !
looks nice and holds shaving brush but does not hold razor .
heavy made arrived on time good value .
simple , elegant , functional .
good , sturdy stand , perfect .
the stand is good quality and very nice , however , the side that holds the brush is too big for the 'starter kit' sized brush from the art of shaving .
the stand works great for brush and razor .
looks nice too .
fast ship / very nice .
fits both my viking chieftain and perfecto pure badger brush , though the chieftain does not sit as firmly in the stand .
for the price , cannot complain .
i use this with my beval system .
it holds the razor and brush perfect and looks great on the bathroom counter !
thanks again for such a great product .
did not hold the razor .
kept falling off .
not for a mach three handle .
i wanted to get my razor and brush off the edge of my sink .
this stand is assembled out of the box .
the base is solid and heavy so it is unlikely you will knock this over , even with the heaviest of brushes or razors .
super cute and great quality for the price .
excelente producto .
nice looking stand .
the brush holder could be a little wider to fit my larger brushs .
solid built . make great gift too .
received product well packaged .
oddly , the base was loose from the stand and would not hold the razor without flopping over .
i removed the non-slip padding from the base and noticed the screw that holds the base to the upright rod was not tightened up .
i simply tightened it and replaced the pad .
performs well now and looks great on the sink .
does as expected .
unit is not securely fassined to the base had to remove felt to tighten terrible :-( .
it is got some heft to it .
it is a quality product .
fits razor and brush nicely .
item is exactly what was described and works perfectly to hold razor and shave brush .
this stand also unscrews so it can travel in two pieces if needed .
exactly as described , shipped quickly , and is a great value purchase !
this is a solid , well made stand that feels substantial and worth way more than the price they charge for it .
it holds my razors without issue and looks really great .
i was really surprised by the quality given the price .
i love my double-edged razor but leaving it on the counter was problematic during the midday shave .
this nice throwback frees my cramped counter so that nothing plummets during the ritual .
aesthetically pleasing , simple construction that fits both my brush and (rather bulky) razor .
ten/ten would buy again .
as advertised - it is a nice stand of good quality with enough weight to it to make it stable on the counter top .
i use it with the viking chieftain razor and the vie-long four thousand, three hundred and twelve horse hair shaving brush .
both fit perfectly .
i would purchase it again .
this stand is perfect for holding my safety razor and it looks great on my counter .
it came well packed and on time .
i would buy from this vendor again .
i am very happy .
the razor was better than i expected .
thank you perfecto .
sturdy , dependable , weight is good enough to keep it from being knocked over .
will endure the test of time , great purchase .
i think it is ok , and it holds the shaving brush quite well .
however my gilette fusion razor does not fit into the other slot .
that was a bit disappointing .
biggest advantage to this awesome little stand is how easy it cleans up .
very simple to keep it polished and shiny despite it always having shaving cream dripping on it .
definitely recommend for a classier bathroom presence .
this is a high quality product .
very well made and weighted nicely too .
this holds the brush and razor perfectly .
i was looking for nice stand in an attempt to "clean up" the sink area .
this stand was the answer !
perfect for both shaver and brush in a very nice finish .
perfect stand , good build quality .
nice looking and functions as intended .
this stand is just perfect .
it looks great , and the construction is solid , but not it is uncomfortably heavy to lift .
it is balanced , so that if you have a heavy safety razor on the one side (like my merkur 34c , for example) , and no brush on the other , the stand is perfectly stable .
(then again , shaving brushes are not exactly heavy , are they ?
they are not . the point is , you do not have to worry about it tipping it over if you do not have a brush yet .
and if you do not have a brush yet , you should consider getting one of those next !
) but i do in fact store one of my badger-hair brushes on the other side (the german-made one , of course !
) , and it stays in place pretty well .
much more satisfying than those little plastic stands a lot of brushes come with .
the patterned steel in the middle of the stand is also an attractive element , adding visual interest and complementing the similar texture of the razor handle .
this purchase was an easy decision to make and i am very happy with it .
it keeps my razor out of the reach of my two young children , and looks great too .
this product does exactly what it is made to do and looks nice .
works well . gets the job done .
is sturdy , holds my brush and razor perfectly .
looks good too .
good quality , just as advertised .
well made and very sturdy .
it is perfect for my brush , does not need large space .
fully recomended .
this thing looks and works great .
the price is right .
i like it , but it is made in china .
will probably rust .
high quality , nice stand .
very well made and great looking - razor and brush fit perfectly .
nice sturdy stand ,well finished ,looks nice on the shelf .
very good quality .
great "weight and feel" .
does not feel like it will tip over at all .
very happy with function and look .
it is okay , good deal for the price but you get what you pay for .
the stand is heavy but it looks cheap to me .
looks great on my bathroom counter !
gives you a great reason to not have to hide away razors in medicine cabinet .
seems to hold most razors adaquately , as well as provides a perfect brush holder for your badger brush that you should be using !
i have a gillette mach three razor and  it will not stay in the holder .
a double edged razor would .
it is easy to maintain  and looks nice .
holds the brush fine .
to the point - high quality , holds a regular sized badger brush and razor perfectly balanced , smooth chrome appearance , bottom is padded and will not slide .
i would highly recommend this !
i purchased this to use in conjunction with my vikings blade the chieftain safety razor and perfecto one hundred% pure badger shaving brush .
i can attest that this is of great quality and definitely a worthwhile purchase .
-inexpensive-stainless steel frame-elegant storage of razor and shaving brush-weighted base with non-slip sole-air drying to extend brush life and prevents water accumulation .
my husband loves this , says it is well balanced and easy to keep clean .
it is perfect for the shaving brush we just purchased .
i really like the look and weight of this stand .
i have also enjoyed having my brush and razor close at hand and next to my shaving soap dish .
i had a cheap plastic stand that came with my parker brush but now this brush has a stand worthy of it .
i think i will be very happy with this product for years to come .
solid construction and quality chrome .
i have been using this for months now and clean regularly .
no reason to believe i will not continue to do so for years to come .
the base has a foam rubber anti-slip pad that works quite well .
if anything , a little water makes it "stick" via water tension .
the weight is substantial enough this never tips over during use .
great optic , for my 300aac but i ended up going with a eotch in the end .
sturdy and well made it is the perfect compliment to my de safety razor and shaving brush .
it keeps things in order and dries the brush and razor for your next shave .
do not hesitate to add this item to your shaving routine .
my husband was very happy and finds it really heavy and looks really nice sitting out !
great product .
very nice stand , good weight and finish .
foam bottom kept falling off .
the top part where the brush goes in was cracked and one of the metal piece eventually broke off .
i threw it away .
that is just my experience but i am sure this was a one time thing .
the stand is appropriately weighted and holds my badger brush and razor quite well .
i would definitely recommend this stand to others for its quality as well as its aesthetic and function .
solidly made and keeps razor and shaving brush in a compact area while allowing them to dry quickly and cleanly .
works perfect with vikings products , it stays shiny , and looks good on any bathroom shelf .
i have ordered this item twice .
once for myself when i first started wet shaving and once again for a starter kit i am building for my boss .
i would give the item five stars except for one issue .
you really need to clean it with some sort of tarnish remover and metal polish at least twice a month or it corrodes .
i would be okay with quarterly , or maybe even monthly polishing but every two weeks becomes a hassle .
other than that , it is a solid piece with decent finish that looks good on my sinktop .
i keep buying these because other dog owners i know keep stealing them after i show them how well it works .
i keep one on my dogs collar so it is always where she is , and at least one spare with my travel supplies .
i did not believe it that you should hang your shaving brush .
oddly , i have a perfecto brush- now stand .
the paint on the brush exfoliated from the wood and the brush separated from the handle .
i heated and scraped off the paint then used a two part expiry to coat the handle and attach the brush back onto the handle .
looks cool and works just as well as before .
so , here you have a two- for .
the stand holds the brush and razor perfectly .
together with the brush , i am happy .
fits (snuggly) my omega ten thousand and forty-eight brush and merkur 23c (with plenty of room to spare) .
does as intended !
very nice . solid construction .
look forward to many years of use .
it does just what i needed .
the stand is sturdy and well made , but the brush side only seems to hold smaller brushes .
it will not hold my razorock bc silvertip plissoft or my stirling "kong" brush .
if you are getting this stand , make sure you have a smaller brush that will fit .
besides that , it is great .
i got this to complete set of shaving stuffs for my husband and it is really great !
shipped as expected .
nice stand , looks great and fits my ledge in the shower .
i bought this for my husband ,  he loves it .
it has a good weight so it will not fall over easy like other ones .
it also has moved detail and do far is very shiny like crime .
looks great on the countertop and does a good job holding a blade and brush .
i would highly recommend this stand .
this stand far exceeded my expectations for quality .
it is heavy and all of the parts are well made and sturdy .
the bottom is removed easily to tighten the stand , yet seats nicely so it will not fall off .
the quality of the workmanship is excellent and i cannot find anything to complain about this product .
it is price is really low for what you get .
buy it , you will not be disappointed .
you could put it next to some of the high priced stands ($ one hundred+) and you would not be able to tell the difference .
it looks great and with my bright , shiny vikings blade chieftain razor and the black handled badger brush they sell with the stand as a combo , it is an impressive set .
excellent , looks elegant and brush base is not in water after shaving .
keeps it dry that protects the wood grip .
seems to be a very well made quality product .
the box says made in china , but it seems to be very well made and a first class product .
very sturdy product .
fits all my needs .
very nice brush and razor stand .
my husband loves it .
highly recommend !
beautiful and simple little stand that does its job .
function and form , what a concept .
this unit is holding the perfecto one hundred%  pure badger shaving brush with the black handle and a edwin jagger de89lbl de safety razor .
well made , stable base , does its job .
not much more to be said .
this product is great and i love shaving like my father did in the one thousand, nine hundred and fifty's .
as the name implies , perfect !
exceptional high quality .
originally my wife did not want me keeping one on the bathroom countertop .
but , when she saw it , she did not object .
best all round pack i have  ever owned .
works very well .
brush and razor both dangle purposefully on my vanity , both raising my testosterone and lowering it for those who use my bathroom other than me .
looks very classy .
feels well built .
let us wait and see how it holds up , as i have not placed my razor on it yet , still waiting on .
functions more like a drying rack for my razer .
no brush yet but the option is always there .
the stand just works .
its solidly built and the base is heavy enough to be stable with a razor in it .
its many times better than the cup i was using before .
great for my brush and safety razor .
does not hold mach three or and other razor shaped like that .
looks great , holds me de safety razor no problem .
i do want to note that it does not fit then art of shaving brush i purchased a little over a year ago .
great stand though .
good price . solid construction .
should have warning on box about having the screw loose ahead of opening box .
great bathroom accessory .
amazing quality and beautifully crafted products !
i love my new vikings blade chieftain de razor , badger shaving brush and taylor of old bond street sandalwood shaving cream from vikings blade i purchased recently .
makes my morning shaving routine , something i truly enjoy .
what a gorgeous , solid piece !
it looks great on our black granite vanity top .
nice balance , great finish .
could not be happier .
prompt delivery , too !
my husband loves his razor and brush stand !
nice and heavy .
but the badger brush i purchased does not fit .
i believe the brush handle is oversized and not at fault of the stand .
for the price this is perfect .
this is a great stand .
it fits my brush and razor perfectly and really looks good by the sink .
no more gummy brush and soggy soap in my shaving mug .
the width on the holder needs to be a little wider .
it was hard to get my shaving brush to fit .
.  but it goes nicely with the stainless steel shaving bowl .
looks nice , works well .
very nice and clean .
have had this for over four months and still no rust and very clean .
the only reason i did not give it a 5th star is because the brush handle is a bit wide .
wish it was just a bit narrower so i would not have to be so picky when i buy brushes .
i bought another for a gift because i liked it so much .
it is hefty , fit and finish is good .
feels like quality and works for my razor and brush .
worth every penny .
the perfecto deluxe chrome razor and stand is the perfect addition for anyone's bath .
although lightweight  , it is quite sturdy at the base , and the "tines" are perfectly spaced for both razor as well as brush .
i owned my 1st one well over two years(it looked brand new) before knocking it off while cleaning onto the tile floor and noticed a small crack on the tine .
it only broke due to my "bending & repairs" afterwards .
it was a "no brainer" to replace it with the same item as it had served me well and would have continued to do so had it not been for my clumsiness .
the husband loves the chrome and how well it complements his viking razor .
great product that does exactly what it is supposed to do and looks good too .
great item , just as described , arrived quickly , and packaged well !
like the stand .
it is very stable and feels solid .
stylish and sturdy what more can you ask for !
it is exactly what i needed .
my wife suggested i purchase it .
it is very good quality .
the stand is not solidly secured into the base .
it now wobbles anytime i touch it which results in the brush and razer constantly falling off .
there is no way to resecure the stand either .
this stand is awesome .
really nice finish and holds my viking brush perfectly .
the weight to it is perfect so that even with a heavy brush on one side and nothing on the other it does .
or even lean to one side .
great device for storing your old school double edge safety razor and soap brush .
appears to be an excellent product .
fairly priced , packaged well and arrived quickly .
holds both my razor and my brush slightly above the counter as advertised .
i bought this razor/brush stand for my boyfriend who has the bevel kit .
it fits perfectly , and looks beautiful in our bathroom .
felt sturdy and had a beautiful chrome finish .
goes very well the razor and compliments my boyfriends bathroom .
solid product at a very good price .
stand looks nice and is well put together .
very happy with my purchase .
i was a bit concerned at first because after pulling it out of the box i saw that there was a wobble where vertical bar meets the base .
i thankfully realized that the foam cushion on the button must have a screw under it .
removed the foam bottom and sure enough i was correct .
tightened the screw and now works great !
no complaints whatsoever and looks great in my bathroom .
stand was what i expected and arrived when it was suppose tp .
this is the second one of these i purchased and both of them were in perfect condition and just as described .
very solid construction , fit and finish .
highly recommend , especially given the price range .
looks sharp , seems well constructed .
owned for two-three weeks .
looks great . solid feel .
nice and shiny , built well , no cheap parts .
holds safety razor well , and brush .
holds my merkur razor and perfecto brush perfectly .
looks great in my medicine cabinet .
good quality stand .
nice chrome and sturdy .
i would buy again .
very nice and convenient .
not the only one of its type on the market , but i think it has just the right quality level / price point .
good , solid quality , and affordable .
really like it .
sturdy , holds my wide variety of brushes .
i love this tank top !
second one i have bought from this seller and i get compliments on them every time i wear them .
exactly what i was looking for .
good weight . its a bit tight with my brush , but its slowly relaxing .
good product but does not fit electrical (vibrating) shavers .
works amazingly thus far .
fantastic razor and brush stand !
nice heavy metal and base .
fits my items perfectly .
a wonderful addition to my classic shaving setup .
worth every penny .
very high quality .
heavy in feel and very shiny .
well made product just as described .
holds my brush and razor perfectly .
thus is exactly as advertised !
! it is a great space saver for my husband's shaving items .
it is solid and a great addition !
it pretty much works exactly as i would have hoped .
it stands firmly , and it looks good .
my brush and razor hang securely , and despite being in a space where i occasionally bump into it reaching for other things , the stand has not tipped over or wobbled around .
it also matches the look of my razor quite nicely , and thus absolutely solved all of the storage needs for my shaving accessories that i had .
i would definitely recommend it .
elegant and pretty for a marble bathroom .
i bought this for my husband .
he is very impressed by the quality of the stand .
it cleans easily , looks nice , and is very sturdy .
i will be purchasing more of these for my three sons .
arrived on time and great condition .
works perfect with my viking godfather razor and viking brush .
expecting to last a long time .
great quality .
sturdy construction .
the knurled center matches my razor .
i have not owned it for a long period of time .
so , i cannot know how it will hold up over time .
however , it seems absolutely first rate .
i really like it , and would buy it again .
perfect and exactly what i was looking for .
just started shaving regularly and needed something like this .
great product , perfect balance , very sturdy , nice plating , nice weight ,  will hold almost any brush and de razor .
as advertised - strong , sleek stand , all chroke , very modern .
great brush/razor stand .
high quality , fits perfectly in my medicine cabinet .
highly recommended .
looks classy and holds the razor and brush nicely .
my boyfriend loves it .
perfect stand .
nicely made but my shaving brush will not fit .
i have a parker badger hair brush and it does not fit in this stand .
the brush is too wide to go between the hanger "tines" .
this would be a nice stand if it did fit though .
beautifully crafted little piece .
it feels like it is worth much more than the price .
sadly , it does not quite fit my "art of shaving" brush , so double check before you buy it , but if it fits your brush its basically perfect .
i cannot imagine what more you would want out of a shaving stand (it is simple , do not gussy it up !
) and this one is so well made and so cheap that it is almost a perfect product .
looks good , well built , does the job well .
great product and great seller !
very sturdy and attractive looking .
stand does exactly what a need it to do .
it is simple and elegant design looks great and very manly with your razor and brush .
i would definitely but this again .
it is solid construction and a great price .
works good and looks good .
good quality stand , holds my viking razor and brush perfectly .
a little wobbly , but good material .
nice stand but disappointed that the brush would not fit .
i bought this product for my husband and he loves it !
i gave it four stars because his current razor has an angled neck so it does not easily stay put on the stand .
it was exactly what i wanted .
holds the bit larger brush and it does not touch the counter , his razor fit perfectly .
it is steady and balanced .
i love this stand and so well made .
the highest quality i have seen in many years .
very nice stand that looks good on the counter top .
the vertical pole was not solidly attached to the base and would not screw in .
unusable .  a piece of crap made in china .
stand is high quality and holds my parker shave brush and razor perfectly .
this is very well made .
a lot better than what i expected .
the chrome paling looks very thick .
it has a weighted base so it does not tip over at all when razor and brush are on it .
razor and brush fit well .
looks very classy on the sink top .
nice retro look .
two/twenty-four/seventeen update .
i am still very satisfied at the quality .
it also matches the knurled handle of my edwin jagger de89 knurled handle .
this is such a great , classy , high-quality product .
i really enjoy having this to protect my razor and my brush .
this is not a cheap product it is very well-made .
the stand is nice and feels sturdy and well built .
it looks very nice , it holds my feather as-d2 razor nicelyalthough the product description does state that it "should fit " most brushes   .
. " be sure to verify the size of brush .
."i tried two of my brushes both are on the medium to smaller size .
. it will fit the brushes if you hang from the where the knot meets the base .
 , however i prefer a stand that allows me to hang the brush on the base/handle mid point .
the stand  is very well made , just not "perfecto"  for my needs .
all of this aside  the sellers are very responsive  customer service is not lacking .
amazing chrome stand for cheap .
i love the product it is classy yet affordable !
exactly what i was looking for .
stable and effective .
beautiful stand .
very well made with great attention to detail .
comes already assembled and nicely packaged .
great looking holder  .
. . fits my viking razor and brush perfect .
great company that looks out for the customer .
it is a little tippy .
the brush holder does not fit all brushes .
exceeded expectations .
holds razor & brush perfectly .
well made and a fraction of the price of similar models found in stores .
an excellent , well-made product .
i am happy with my purchase .
the stand is well made and works as advertised .
i found the head to be a little too small for my safety razor and brush .
the larger prong fits my razor better and the brush -- well just does not fit at all .
bumping the stand often results in everything falling off .
i have switched to a different design that works better for me .
it is not that this does not work at all -- it is better than nothing and is a good value for the price .
you will not be disappointed if price is a concern and your brush happens to fit .
modern multi-blade razors would likely fit nicely in the smaller prongs .
works perfectly .
razor is falling off .
very nice chrome stand !
it holds the razor and brush with no problems when carried to and from the bathroom .
the anti skid bottom works well and overall i am very satisfied with the stand .
definitely recommended .
very well packaged and is a great stand .
fits my razor and brush with no problems .
feels very sturdy with a heavy base so it will not topple over .
great durable stand .
great stuff  . .
perfect match for the perfecto brush and my merkur razor .
this is a great stand--very easy to keep clean and it looks very nice on the counter .
i love this stand ,  very modern and sleek .
it work very well .
i originally had this as a two star review .
while the item itself is very sturdy and made out of excellent quality material , it did not fit my shave brush and the razor would not stay on the handle either .
i bought it because when i bought my brush , this stand was in the "customers also bought .
. ." box before you check out .
after hearing that , the company immediately responded to correct things .
while the stand did not work out for me , it is a very high quality item .
especially at this price , for solid metal .
before purchasing , make sure your brush and razor are going to fit .
if they do , i highly recommend this stand .
a shout out to the company for actually caring about their brand .
it is so rare to encounter customer service done so well .
works great , looks great .
beautiful , solidly-made stand .
i liked it so well i bought a second one for my wife (and "her" bathroom) .
extremely pleased with this product .
note: in case the vertical rod seems loose or twists around , you can easily pry the dense-foam insert from the bottom , tighten the screw , and voila - perfecto !
i had to do this for the second one purchased - since then it is retained it is tightness .
we have had this for over a year now and it still looks brand new .
there is no rust or anything and we are not particularly careful with it .
it holds his brush and razor nicely .
looks nice and has a solid feel .
this seems like it will last a long time .
it appears to be a well-constructed stand .
it is all metal sparing the pad on the bottom .
it holds my merkur classic razor and vulfix original brush perfectly .
i am unsure how it will handle in the long run .
time will tell if this stand succumbs to corrosion .
i will update this review if need be .
great stand .  arrived quickly and as advertised .
very functional .
definitely would recommend .
great service  .
this is a great stand , received it on time , item was mint condition , bottom needs to be assembled with a regular screw driver(you can take it apart for cleaning) .
it fit my merkur safety razer and escali brush perfectly .
i leave it on my bathroom stand , and it is perfectly balanced .
very simple and classy design to it , barely takes up any space .
i will probably buy another one , but it will probably be a while since it feels sturdy and durable to last .
would make a gift to people who enjoy wet shaving with safety razer and making their own lather  .
brush & razor keep falling off .
needs to be wider slots .
the stand is made well .
however , my razor will not stay in the stand because it twists causing it to fall out .
if the ends of the "fingers" were turned up more it might work better .
bought this for my husband so he could hang his shave brush and razor properly .
he has had no concerns and the design just happens to match the handle on his razor .
beautiful . sturdy .
the quality on this is surprisingly good .
just as good as snap-on wrenches .
it does not rust and it does not stain .
the stand is great , it is solid , looks great next to my sink and complements my merkur hd 34c razor beautifully .
i should also mention the great customer service i got by buying it through pop !
shop . when it first arrived , i found the connection between the stand and the base was loose .
this is trivially fixable -- there is a little screw underneath the base , you just pop the rubber bottom off the base and tighten it) , but i somehow managed to miss both that fact and the little note inside the box that explains it and sent it back for a refund with a grumpy comment .
pop ! shop noticed my confusion , and not only managed to explain my mistake to me without ever using the words "you idiot" (which is more than i would have been able to do , in their shoes) , they sent me another one at no charge .
so , thanks to their customer service , i was rescued from my own dumb self .
thanks , pop ! shop !
very clean and durable .
this was a great purchase !
great price for the great quality .
awesome stand at a great price .
just being a stand to hold my razor and brush , i really was not thinking that much about it .
but i was pleasantly surprised by the overall quality .
nice heavy solid base is what stands (sorry no pun) out the most .
even when it is holding everything , i can bump into it and it will not fall over .
love the elegant chrome look this stand has & yet is affordable .
it holds both brush & razor perfectly (both purchased here) .
the ability to take it apart for cleaning is a bonus !
these stands have a luxury- type appearance & yet they are within a reasonable price range .
we bought this little guy as a gift for our son and it is a beautiful and useful razor stand that sits on our bathroom counter as an attractive element on display .
it is easy to keep clean and polished and it stands very sturdily .
thanks to perfecto .
five stars all the way , it is solid and heavy and will not break .
it fit my husbands wet shaving kit perfectly with the brush and razor fitting without any problems .
it is a lot nicer than in the picture and it is totally worth the money .
very sturdy . i would give it higher marks but most of my brushes do not fit unless i put them in where the bristles attach .
better construction than i expected for the price .
makes for easy storage of my shaving utensils .
this stand is exactly what i needed and it should last !
i recently bought vikings blades "the godfather" and the house of saxon 26mm badger brush and they both fit this stand perfectly !
i had a croft and barlow "kit" that i purchased back in two thousand and ten , but it was almost all plastic and my new brush barely fit the stand , so i bought this and i am glad i did !
pro:one . seems like all metal construction2 .
godfather de razor and saxon brush fit nicely3 .
small footprintcons:one .
brush holder too small for stirling synthetic 26mm brush , but i am going to try spreading the fingers further apart2 .
no issues with the finish , but for the price , if i need to replace in two thousand and twenty-two .
. . .i am ok with that !
holds my razor and brush nicely .
looks good , nice quality .
excellent quality and does not take up much room on the counter !
excellent quality husband loves it very well made it is more quality type rather than quantity highly recommend thank you , very well made .
great product , just what i needed !
high quality product .
nice to get what you paid for .
perfect fit for the boat and a easy install , it had me on the water in no time !
very nice ! well worth the price paid !
i previously reviewed this product at a lower rating but after contact with the seller feel i may have been overly critical .
it is very well made , for the money .
not the quality finish of a $ fifty+ holder , but well made , nonetheless , and quite servicable .
how well the finish holds up only time will tell , but i am sure by then i will have had my money's worth .
as stated , the brush side will fit 'most' brushes .
it did not fit my brush handle so i simply place my brush in the fork around the bristles , which works quite well with no negative effects on brush or stand .
since i place the stand , brush and razor directly in my shaving cream bowl , it actually works out to be a quite compact setup .
so , yes , i would buy this product again .
just received the stand .
it is solid , attractive , and accommodates my razor and brush very comfortably .
looks very professional .
nicely made and holds the brush perfectly .
the razor side of the stand is a bit 'small' .
it is functional .
i bought this for my husband , and he loves it .
it is very sturdy , does not tip over easily , and keeps his razor and brush of the countertop .
the perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand is a perfect addition to you bathroom , vanity , or where ever .
it looks great and is highly functional for keeping your "old school de razor and brush" near where you need it .
it looks great !
it works great !
what else do you need ?
this is a really nice stand .
an absolute must to hold a razor and brush .
very sleek looking: ) .
high quality product .
awesome stand but it does not fit the badger brushes from the art of shaving .
i only use it for my razor for now .
eventually i will find one to fit the brushes i have and this stand will go in one of the the guest bathrooms .
i love this stand .
holds my brush and razor perfectly .
looks great and is very solid .
hard to say much about this .
it is a stand . it works well as a stand .
it holds the razor and the brush .
it has not stopped being a stand .
very steady and perfect fit for the razor .
no wobbles even when holding just the razor .
four-stars only because the brush did not fit in the prongs .
still deciding whether to make a grove in the brush or to attempt to spread the prongs a little - i recall some others did mention this as a possibility .
works great for my merkur 38c and brush .
wobbly stand . terrible product .
classic solid built stand .
looks great and my husband loves it for his razor and brush !
! does not tip over and has a gripy bottom to help stay put !
razor and stand were both sturdy and i liked the fact the blades were individually wrapped .
perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand  item as expected .
shipped promptly .
looks nicer than i thought it would .
fits my dorco razor and parker brush perfectly .
it feels solid and well built .
my husband really like it .
very attractive and shines like a chrome fender .
best of all it is well built for the job .
it works great !
this is a stylish and sturdy stand that can hold your fancy razor (or the one using disposable cartridges .
. .) and your brush .
not only does it look nice , it actually works fine and does not wobble , pretty solid and balanced and you can be sure your stuff is going to be kept in place .
this stand is fantastic especially with a chrome razor .
i was really impressed with the weight of it and quality of the product .
purchase went well and item arrived fast , all as expected !
i am leaving five stars but i am not paid for this nor do i get items for free .
heavy weight . nicely chromed .
this thing is great .
it nicely holds my razor and shaving brush .
perfect for what i needed .
great razor and brush stand !
i love the look and weight of the stand !
great buy . i recommend this to all de users .
looks really nice on my vanity .
it is however a littler smaller than i would like it to be (about the size of my soap dispenser) , but very good product .
this razor and brush stand works very well for my viking safety razor and wooden handled brush .
the stand is very stable and the chrome allows it to be cleaned easily with simple wiping .
it holds both razor and brush well and allows both to hang dry .
the textured pole is a nice feature to grip .
i liked this product so much , this is my second purchase so i can have a stand at my other house !
the stand arrived on time and in perfect condition .
the box was sturdy and the stand was protected nicely in bubble wrap .
it looks very nice and is good and heavy with a rubber base so it does not scratch the countertop .
my shaving brush has not yet arrived (from germany) and so i do not know how it will fit but my gillette superspeed safety razor fits nicely .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a nicely build razor and brush stand .
it was a gift for my son and it looks very good with his razor and brush .
great product - love it .
its simple , sturdy , and elegant .
early 20th century vibes .
for bevel customers , i can verify the brush and razor handle fit perfectly !
nice stand to add a little style to your counter .
keeps all of my kit in order and keeps things from getting lost or damaged .
does exactly what i wanted and looks great .
nice , hold my brush and razor just fine , and it is s .
s . (my wife picked it out) .
does exactly what it needs to .
nothing exceptional about quality , but it definitely does not seem poorly made .
i have had no problems at all with it .
nice stand , fits my razor and brush perfectly .
really quick delivery and service .
this brush stand is exactly what i needed to hold my safety razor and brush .
the overall weight of the product is seven .
nine ounces or two hundred and twenty-four grams .
the brackets themselves stand about five inches above the top of the platform , which is enough room to hold my maggard razors 24mm synthetic brush without problems .
the larger of the two brackets (for your brush) is one and one/sixteen inches across , which may be a bit narrow if your brush's handle does not have a particularly narrow portion .
the smaller bracket is one/two inches across .
the outer three/eight in or so of the brackets are bent upwards to prevent your brush or razor from sliding off accidentally .
the foam rubber foot is simply press-fit into the metal base , so it can be easily removed to access the screw that connects the base to the stand .
overall , it does its job and is easy to keep clean .
product seems to work just fine .
it came assembled in a decent box no issues with packing .
the razor fit is great , the brush side is a little snug .
with all fairness it could be the brush , but nothing to give it a negative .
it is stable with no rocking or other balance issues .
overall a great producy .
stand is solid and weighty .
nice chrome finish .
should last forever .
awesome stand it fits my badger brush and razor perfectly .
has a nice finish and has a solid base .
my husband loves his new stand !
got this as a gift for my husband .
it fit his art of shaving badger brush and merkur hd 34c razor .
does not take up too much space on our tiny countertop .
extremely high quality !
the part that holds the brush does not hold most brushes as advertised .
it might hold economy brushes bought at low-end markets i suppose .
nice stand , but useless .
i bought the vickings razor to go with the beautiful stand .
the stand completed the look and is well made and has a good weight to it .
i would recommend this stand to anyone looking to showcase their razor , it is truly beautifully made .
despite some reviews that complain about shave brush is not fitting in this item i did not find a problem .
sure it would be nice if it worked as the photo illustrates , however as my photo illustrates ,  a shave brush can in fact be hung from this dapper looking way to organize your shave kit .
this shave brush stand and razor stand is nice and sturdy , heavy and clean looking .
what do you buy for a man who has just about everything and shaves with an old fashioned double edged razor and badger brush ?
the perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand is the very accessory to accommodate these items .
attractive but small enough to not consume a lot of counter space , my husband finds the stand to be a useful addition in maintaining his shaving tools .
he is really delighted with his gift !
amazing quality and build .
very impressed by the product .
great stand for the money .
exactly what i wanted; both razor and brush fit perfectly .
solid piece with value that exceeds the price .
well made and useful stand for razor and brush .
beautiful and holds the vikings blade and badger brush great .
exactly what i wanted !
holds my brush and razor to keep them clean .
chrome coating and weighted bottom keep the stand clean and upright .
arrived on time and packed very well .
no damage to stand .
base is very heavy for the size and keeps razor and brush upright without problems .
high quality piece , fit in with the rest of my equipment , nice craftsmanship .
great stand .  arrived quickly .
just received .
not too extravagant but the base is weighted enough to support either tool without toppling or moving around .
the chrome is nice and shiny , but i did drop a star due to some discoloration on the edge of the base , which may be visible in the photo .
the coarse pattern midway up the shaft matches the handle of my merkur .
i like it so far .
this stand fit my viking razor and brush perfectly and looks and feels like a much higher priced product than it is .
it came safely packaged and on time .
classy , rugged , simple and functional .
check your brush handle diameter measurement to be sure it will fit .
pairs well with schone stainless steel shaving bowl with lid .
heavy base ensures that stand will remain stable while brush and razor hang from it .
cannot beat the price .
as a brush and mug shaver my husband needed a nice stand .
this was a great price and not disappointed in the quality for the low price .
classy , heavyweight , great product for price .
just what i was looking for .
good weight . good quality .
does what it needs to , could be cheaper , but it works well for my husband's razor/brush .
this was a xmas gift for my son and he loved it .
holds his razor and shaving brush perfectly .
bought it as a gift .
so far so good .
it is currently holding an inexpensive shave brush (will upgrade later) and a dollarshaveclub executive razor .
nice detail in the middle of the stand , looks nice in the bathroom .
excellent product !
husband loves it !
it was shipped immediately and packed well .
i love  the razor and stand .
this product does exactly what it says .
my gentlemen jon wet shaver and brush fit perfectly .
i assume this product fits standard wet shave kits .
my shaver is a darker chrome so i like the contrast of it to the chrome on this stand .
my only wish , if i could have one , is to have a place to rest my lather bowl , but this is such a minor issue that it does not even matter .
it really does a nice job holding my stuff up .
this is a beautiful  solution for storage of razor and shaving brush .
product is exactly as the information given for it .
it also arrived very quickly and earlier than expected .
will buy from this vender in the future !
nothing unexpected with this .
the razor and brush fit perfectly .
solidly built stand , and an excellent value for the price !
honestly , i was a bit hesitant to purchase after reading some of the other reviews which mentioned loose parts , etc .
but mine arrived with everything nice and tight and ready to go !
and even if things were loose (or somehow become loose) in the future , it does not take a rocket scientist to figure out how to tighten them .
in my opinion , the name of the item describes the item accurately: perfecto !
this stand was exactly what i was looking for and exactly as described .
i received it in a timely fashion .
i would recommend this product and this seller very highly .
this stands would , in great confidence , do nothing less than getting your utmost respect & satisfaction .
it is well-made , neat looking , easily cleaned , as well stands proudly in your toiletry bench .
a purchase worth every single penny spent .
so far so good !
i bought a merkur 37c and a semogue six hundred and twenty , and this stand fits both perfectly .
very nice product .
perfect and classic looking stand .
exactly like the picture , has good solid weight to it so it does not tip over with brush and razor on it .
very happy with it thanks !
looks awesome on my bathroom shelf !
very nice stand .
tall enough for long handled razors .
the stand was perfect !
purchased for my husband and he loves it .
exactly as described and very sturdy .
excellent .  does exactly what it is supposed to .
i use it with my perfecto brush and my art of shaving morris park razor .
art of shaving wants over $ one hundred for a razor and brush stand .
this one comes in a a fraction of the price .
very nice and sturdy .
very useful ! i was skeptical about needing these but i have to say i am very happy with the purchase .
this product is perfect .
my wife bought it for me and i could not be happier .
seriously it has a sturdy feel to it  .
great build quality and a solid product for those who need to hold their razor and brush .
a must have for anyone who owns these products !
i bought this as a present for my nephew - i am buying another for myself .
high quality product .
if you are looking for razor stand get this one .
stand is much nicer than the one that came with the shaving brush i ordered .
looks nice and elegant on the bathroom counter with the badger bristle brush and sandalwood shaving cream .
good solid stand .
the weight is right .
it is stable . it is big enough to do the job well and small enough not to get in the way .
i am pleased with this purchase .
very nice product !
keeps things nice and tidy on the counter .
quick delivery and no defects/issues .
i have had this for only a week so i cannot comment on long term use but seems like a sturdy product .
i would recommend this product and company to friends !
great product .
looks great in my bathroom .
great quality  .
no complaints .
love it cannot wait too get the rest of the stuff that goes with this .
i have had this pattern for many years and slowly , pieces have disappeared .
this is beautiful , sturdy flatware unlike most .
it even came with the steak knives , which i did not own before .
the price is fabulous and now i have enough for parties .
the picture does not do justice , you will not be disappointed !
works very well for holding my shaving brush .
cleans up easily .
quality built and looks great .
"the best safety razor stand .
this will prolong the life of your shaving brush" .
and i found this to be the case .
will repurchase as necessary .
stand seems to be very solid .
i am very pleased with the purchase--it is functional , looks great and the price was reasonable .
built very well with a base heavy enough to stay put .
simple clean design .
very well made stand .
however it does not hold the parker brushes they recommend to get with it .
awesome for my merkur razor and badger brush !
!everything was delivered in perfect condition .
this holder is stunningly beautiful on the bathroom vanity .
actually waiting on the shaving brush i ordered for my husband before using it .
looks dapper and works as it should .
great quality product .
attractive stand .
perfect for holding the shaving tools .
i like many have gotten this item where it would wobble , slant one way or another .
i was about to send it back but i read from another post you can remove the foam from the bottom , i used a flathead screwdriver , and you see a screw that can be tighten .
whole process took about ten seconds .
. now it is lock solid .
. and the chrome is beautiful .
i am using a merkur futur safety razor , and a parker safety silvertip badger brush and they work well .
just remember: the base can be tightened , and rather easy .
beautiful chrome stand with solid base .
i am using it with the escali one hundred% badger brush and a viking chieftain safety razor and both fit perfectly .
mad huge style .
looks impressive on the bathroom sink .
fit my locally made brush with a wooden handle perfectly .
the opening is one inch .
the razor slot holds my merkur 34c great , and a harry's handle will fit , as will my older fusion .
my wife's newer fusion will hang upside down .
it has a heavy base and stays upright nicely .
the top was loose on arrival , but the base pad is easily pulled out and the screw tightened .
it is polished , so it spots easily , but is easy to clean .
works great for my brush , but unfortunately my razor (gillette mach three) will not stay on it .
look at the shape of your razor handle just below the blade attachment point .
if it is a wide v shape that tapers down to the handle or something similar , this stand likely will not be able to hold it .
the tapering causes the razor to turn sideways and slip out of the stand's prongs under its own weight .
the prongs on the razor side of the stand are not curved upwards enough to prevent this .
should work fine for an old-fashioned style safety razor , though .
weighted well; good sized; just right .
i purchased one for my shaving brush and it is perfect .
good weight which holds my heavy shaving brush .
actually , after i received it , i purchased another one for my second shaving brush at my fianc&eacute;e's home as well .
i have been looking for something like this for years .
this is a very nice sturdy chrome-plated shaving brush stand .
i recommend it .
i purchased this item based on the other reviews so i think it is important to give my own review .
the perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand is very snazzy .
it fit the razor and brush my fiance already has so that was nice to know it fits most sizes .
beautiful polish and looks very nice & organized on our bathroom vanity .
excellent product .
however it does not accommodate all sizes of brushes .
perfect brush stand .
nice stand , received package on time !
received exactly what it is advertised for .
it is nice and feels sturdy , not cheap .
just an fyi . .
. . . the battery operated razors do not fit , but the standard razor does (think fusion) .
hubby is happy ;) .
nice little razor holder .
i just started using a shave brush and this stand looks really nice , holds the brush well , and makes shaving a fun ritual .
the neck of the stand wobbled when i received it .
thought product was defective , but the seller contacted me and told me how to tighten it .
one star knocked off because a manual or something in the packaging stating how to tighten the stand would have been helpful .
otherwise , it is now great and as advertised .
great product .
delivered quickly , as promised .
it is sturdy and well-made .
it was purchased as a gift and was really appreciated by the recipient .
well made gave it to my husband for christmas , he liked it .
sturdy , good construction .
holds brush and razor securely .
as advertised .
works great and fits my new de razor and brush .
thank you for the perfecto deluxe stand .
it is a perfect fit for my brush and razor .
your company is absolutely classic .
you kept the price at a reasonable rate ,despite what it is really worth .
i would have paid more , i love it just that much  !
best regards , a customer for life .
very nice and sturdy will last  a long time .
classy yet strong .
the stand was loose but i removed the foam at the base to tighten the screw without damaging any part of the apparatus .
the razor holder is on the wide side , and does not hold at all when wet .
used a standard gillette razor .
my husband has an art of shaving badger brush with a black base; it does not fit .
not a perfect marriage but over all of passing grade .
arrived defective- wobbly and not properly attached .
simple , well made , elegant enough to leave on the counter .
just as described .
its pretty and shiny .
great product and service .
the stand is substantially made and really well finished .
no complaints there .
but .  .  .reiterating what several other people have said: the brush holder is too narrow !
i have a half dozen brushes .
of the three i use routinely , only two would fit into the holder .
i discovered i could not substitute one of my three decades-old antiques for the one that did not fit .
none of them fit either .
two out of six is not good .
i broke out a ruler and discovered that the brush holder gap is one-one/sixteen" wide .
that is roughly twenty-six mm if you are of the metric persuasion .
here is a brush that definitely does fit: https://www .
amazon .com/gp/product/b002v40is2  .
great product !
i recently got into wet shaving with a double edge safety razor , and wanted something to hold my brush and razor in order to keep them off the bathroom counter .
the "perfecto" stand came up in a search and seeing as how it looked well built and had a very reasonable price , i decided to give it a try .
bottom line . .
.i could not be happier .
it is well built , looks great and holds my items just as it was intended .
i definitely recommend this product .
beautiful product , matches and holds my braveheart saftey razor and parker silvertip badger brush perfectly .
the holder is nice and heavy , feels very solid .
i would buy again .
works well , stable when the brush is wet .
should work great !
good sturdy product .
less clunky-looking than a cup !
looks really nice !
quality stand .
nicely fit my edwin jagger de89lb .
looks very nice have had it for six months .
solid product .
a little larger than i expected but otherwise looks great and works well .
the brush handle was too fat but managed to fit it on upside down between the bristles and handle .
i bought this as a gift to add to the quality shaving brush and other shaving products for my son in law .
i selected it among several on the market and examined it carefully after receiving it .
it is exactly what i had hoped for , namely , solid chromed metal , enough weight not to be tippy , able to be screwed apart , hopefully rustproof .
. .we will see . .
.and able to hold the brush and razor purchased separately .
i might have given it four stars if i had been able to use it myself .
if my son-in-law likes it , i will get this one also for myself as i now have a quality brush given to me in a package of creams , etc .
 , but without a stand .
after only a month of enjoying lathering with a brush , i see that it is definitely necessary to have a stand to hang it upside down to allow water not to sit in and on the handle to eventually corrode the handle and the brush hairs at their base .
the brush needs to air dry hanging down .
a quality brush deserves a quality stand .
a sleek and handsome design that is well weighted so it does not tip over , non-slip bottom and solid construction overall .
delivered when promised .
cannot give you a review because i bought it for my grandson .
the item seems of good quality and looks great .
my husband bought this stand years ago for his razor and brush .
it has been extremely durable and is pretty enough to leave on the counter .
he liked it so much he is now buying it as gifts for family and friends !
heavy , good looking , performs it is function well .
fast delivery .
have not used it yet because it is a present but you would think it cam from that fancy store in the mall .
i have only had this for a week , so cannot speak to longevity .
but it is really pretty and has some density , given its relative cheap price .
other chrome razor stands can be >$ one hundred .
it is is a nice sleek addition to my bathroom .
simple but does the job .
this is a great stand , does what it is supposed to do and does not fall over .
looks as sharp as my razor !
great quality , functional product .
no complaints .
i bought this stand for my son as a christmas gift .
it looks great and it has a sold , stable quality to it .
i hope he likes it !
!i may even buy one for myself .
beautiful and as expected .
perfect for holding my brush and razor and has a classy look as well .
this is a great stand for the price .
it feels sturdy and easily supports both my de safety razor and badger fur brush .
the chrome is nice and shiny and looks great on the counter top .
cannot beat this stand in my opinion .
you can feel the high build quality .
product works great .
it is exactly  what iwas looking for at a very reasonable price - brush and razor fit perfecly .
awesome !  thank you !
my husband will be delighted !
very well made , nice product .
i messed up and did not pay attention to the opening they provided in the description , and my shaving brush does not fit .
they specified the size , but i failed to check my brush .
i will be ordering a brush to fit the stand , because its that nice .
did not fit brush and razor !
too late to return it now .
i purchased this as a gift and it feels sturdy and has a nice shine .
the shipping was incredibly fast it came within one day .
the product was shipped and arrived on time .
the product is sturdy and is able to hold both my edwin jagger best badger brush and matching ej mach three handle with no issue .
the razor handle has a nice base under the blade release button , allowing a perfect fit .
a very quality stand for my new safety razor and shaving brush .
very solid and nice workmanship .
i would recommend this item .
beautiful .  looks so much nicer than laying down the razor and the brush .
looked much cleaner !
perfect for my husband's razor & brush .
it is a great combination stand .
looks good , does not rust (like my old one) .
does exactly what it is supposed to do .
did have to tighten the nut on the base , but that took two seconds .
if you need a good , basic stand to hold a razor and brush , do not look any further .
this is the one .
very durable design .
the brush holder extends far enough out to accommodate even large badger brushes .
the finish is very nice and easy to clean if water spots develop over time .
if the stand does ever start to come loose you can pop off the bottom and tighten it right up .
overall i have no complaints other than the slightly higher price compared to other similar stands .
works great and is definitely worth the money .
there are cooler designs out there but they cost a lot more .
ten/ten would buy again .
bought it as a christmas gift and i opened the package to inspect it .
good sturdy quality !
perfect to round off a christmas present for my husband .
has a nice decently weighted base that allows good stability when i hang my brush and razor on the stand .
i have my long handle merkur razor on one side and a small badger brush on the other .
never tips when placing things down or lifting things from the stand .
i  had no proper way to store my razor and brush .
this stand is a godsend that allows my brush to dry and keeps my razor in one place .
works perfectly does what it is supposed to do keeps the top of the sink nice and neatgood quality .
everything was exactly as advertised .
i am very happy with my purchase .
nice product , fits most razor and brush combos , wish i could get it in stainless steel .
otherwise five star .
great product , beautiful finish , fits my brush and razor perfectly .
the stand was a little loose when it arrived but all i had to do was tighten the handle while pushing in on the base .
great looking product .
i love the extra bit for the razor .
the rubber bottom helps the stand stay in one place .
perfect compliment to my shaving set , it is mandatory to have this .
does not rust and has a good look to it .
this was bought for a christmas present .
received ok and like the quality of of the stand .
pretty sure the person who it is for will like it .
great product and fast shipping .
my husband has used it for a few weeks now; it looks nice , and is easily cleaned .
well made product- very stable hold parker ninety-nine and parker brush well and does not require any special twisting to make things fit- .
hangs brush upside down to allow it to drain and dry properly .
fine product well worth the money .
nice piece , looks nice holding my handle and brush .
excellent .  heavy enough to hold my razor and brush .
it has a weighted bottom , looks nice , and holds my edwin jagger de89lbl lined detail chrome plated double edge safety razor and my badger vie-long cachurro horse hair shaving brush .
this was what i needed .
product arrived on time .
looks nice with my merkur razor and balances nicely with brush .
has a quality feel to it and i highly recommend it .
this combination razor/brush stand is simple , elegant and perfectly functional .
the smooth , reflective base and holder pair perfectly with the cross-hatched pole to create a handsome , classic look .
it arrived right on schedule and in perfect condition .
i am very pleased with this purchase .
yep , holds my razor , and brush .
also works great as a back scratcher !
bought this as a mother's day gift and she loved it !
good quality .  handy to have to keep these little varmits in check .
quality construction , good finish and weight .
arrived wobbly; tightened with a twist .
tall enough for a long-handled safety de razor .
brush rack is one one/sixteen" wide .
base wobbled up to twenty degrees .
the openings were also too narrow for the equipment , which is not totally their fault , but the one star is mostly because it is incredibly poorly made and i do not understand how it got five stars to begin with .
maybe it was just bad luck .
this stand is very helpful and useful when it comes to storing your brush and razor .
i always get complements when people see it which is great since i do not like having things spreaded out .
it does not take up a lot of space in the sink counter where i store it .
would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a great stand that will definitely store your items in a reliable/clean way where complements will be said by friends and family .
good quality . has a nice weight to it and is built for what it is supposed to do .
this stand is of very high quality .
it feels quite hefty and solid , and it looks like a high grade of stainless steel .
it definitely does not look or feel cheap .
and actually , the picture of it on amazon does not do it justice .
this is a quality product and looks great with my shaving brush and shiny new razor .
highly recommended !
very attractive , stylish and functional addition to my bathroom counter top .
it does the job and adds a touch of sophistication .
great option to get you started .
very high quality !
just a simple stand but heavy enough to hold a wet shave brush and a heavy merkur razor without the slightest wobble .
definitely would buy again .
fits my parker , fatip and merkur razors fine , but the vulfix brush not as well , as i must "rest" it on its handle to get the bristles to face down so they dry properly - the handle will not fit the slot .
product was exactly as advertised , quality is excellent , item arrived earlier than expected .
heavy and attractive .
i was worried this would be junk as it was significantly cheaper then most other ones i looked at .
glad i cheaped  out this time .
it looks great and feels like a solid heavy luxury product .
wonderful quality , heavy , and looks great on the sink .
razor and brush fit perfectly and looks great .
and this is a great one to buy .
it came quick and packaged well .
no assembly required .
sturdy and stationary .
my safety razor and badger brush (both from viking) fit like gloves .
straight forward product .
holds up my razor and brush and looks good .
excellent product  stand is very stable and does what it was designed to do .
currently using the stand with a parker silvertip badger bristle shaving brush and a gillette mach3 razor .
good looking razor and brush holder .
it is early to see how it will hold to moisture in bathroom .
but i am happy with the quality of product ,does what i need it for .
great addition to my bathroom counter , keeps my razor and brush stored perfectly and not tossed into a drawer .
my brush now drys properly and is always at the ready for a shave .
the stand is solid and well build .
. .a classy addition to any man's grooming collection .
i really like my new razor .
the only thing is i had to learn to use it , but now it is great and the money i will save in the future .
thin enough to fit over my closet doors and all the normal doors in my house (sadly , my bedroom door is the victim of a one hundred year old sagging foundation and nothing fits over it) .
pretty colors , very useful !
i can pile a lot on each hook (three-four hangers on one , a fluffy bath towel and t shirt on another , a thick robe on a third , etc) .
well balanced , looks nice .
i bought this as a birthday gift .
the recipient was very happy and is looking forward to using it a long time .
it even matches his razor .
i was pleasantly surprised at how well made and substantial it is .
this is a very nice brush & razor stand .
the quality of the product is very good , but i am not happy with the design .
the place to hold the brush is ok , but i have problem (in fact , i cannot) to hold many kind of razor like gillette match iii or similar .
fast delivery .
the product is sturdy and solid .
does exactly what it needs to do and is not hard to clean .
has protected my brush very well .
superior quality and fits my shaving brush perfectly .
the weight distribution and metal material looks as great as it performs .
looks masculine and fits my blades/ brushes from different manufactures just fine !
very nice product n company .
it works really well with my razor and brush .
product is as advertised .
i was worried about fit for my brush & harry's razor but both fit w/o problem .
nice upgrade from my clear plastic brush holder & razor tossed on shelf .
stand dresses up our small sink area in our rv !
base was loose - as expected - all i had to do was hold the stand & tighten the base - simple .
well worth the price , you will not be disappointed !
my husband loves this .
heavy  duty good  construction and functional .
very nice stand .
holds the razor and brush and has a nice gleam to it .
do note that this is for a standard size brush handle !
i do have a few brushes (stirling badger for instance) that while they do fit , are hanging on more of a balancing act rather than flush in the stand .
not a problem as long as you are aware !
the product is weak junk .
it barely stands .
it wobbles like a drunken sailor on his first night in port .
when i take my brush off , the "stand" heads in the opposite direction , threatening to catapult my razor off .
not safe .  you get what you pay for i guess .
looks great on the bath vanity .
nice weighted base .
super impressed with this stand , very well built , worth a few extra bucks to get a solid , heavy , beautifully finished shave stand .
i will mention also it looks pretty excellent with a simpsons brush and one thousand, nine hundred and sixty ss blue tip hanging from it !
holds mercur perfectly .
exactly as described , just what i needed .
solid and sturdy .
a wonderful product .
works well .  the brush hanger part does not work with all my brushes , but that is minor .
it looks good and works well .
only four stars as the bottom on mine is a little uneven but does not effect it is use .
worth the money .
perfect , love it .
i just got into wet shaving .
i decided to invest a little money into it and buy some nicer stuff than just the basic starter kit .
i purchased the merkur long handle safety razor and the escali badger hair brush and this stand to hold them .
it is a basic stand and it looks nice and feels sturdy .
the base is pretty heavy , which keeps it upright when the brush and razor are resting on it .
the perfect deluxe chrome razor and brush stand hold the escali and merkur perfectly .
since both of these items are very popular , this stand is a nice complement to both items .
the only down side to the stand i see is if you drip water on it , it will get water spots but it can easily be cleaned .
looks great on my wall .
this is a great stand .
it is very stylish and works perfect .
the only thing i found is that it might not fit some shave brushes if the diameter of the handle is too large .
so just keep that in mind when purchasing .
other than that it is perfect .
does its job , and has a nice weight to it .
well built product .
works great ! has a nice chrome polished finish , sturdy and stable with the weight of my parker twenty-two and boar hair brush .
does not tip over as i suspected , balanced nicely .
looks classy , keeps brush and razor neatly organized .
love the look of my shaving brush and razor in this holder on my bathroom shelf .
very nice addition to my vikings blade razor .
feels solid and heavy .
as described . looks good and functions well .
wish the brush holder satuck out a bit more so i could place my cup under it to catch anyt drips that may happen .
other than that i would have given it five stars .
it is heavy enough so it does not move all over the place while getting my razor or brush from it .
looks very nice as well .
sturdy base , as i hoped , and maintains polish/shine even after occasional splash .
does not look cheap .
top screw that holds it all together stays snug .
i would buy it again even if more expensive .
it is all about that base !
sorry , just kidding .
this is my first base for my first safety razor .
so far it has held up very well sitting beside of the shower .
i cannot say if the metal would hold up in the shower .
if you have a gilete this does not hold it .
it looks like to work with old style razors or some specific ones .
not a very thoughtful design , or description of the product .
i am paling on returning and getting something different .
nice n fancy n well made .
this fit my cavendish beaver shaving brush and held my harry's razor .
sturdy and my razor and brush do not move once i set them on it .
. mostly due to gravity .
. but yes . . it works .
i love this brush stand so much i just got another for se at my vacation house !
keeps the brush in perfect shape .
product was exactly as advertised , solid and well finished .
arrived when seller said it would .
reasonably priced .
what more could you ask ?
nice bit of elegance in a seriously disorganized bathroom .
(just to prove i am not a complete slob .
does what its intended for looks good .
great item . well balanced .
great size for my vanity .
holds my razor and brush nicely .
my husband loves it .
would recommend it to any one .
not to bad holds everything nicely .
works well and as designed .
considering the price , this is a fantastic bargain .
very good quality razor/brush stand .
well built , solid product which is an attractive addition to the bathroom sink top .
looks great , feels solid , works well , size fits in the medicine cabinet .
the stand is sturdy .
beautiful chrome !
arrived quickly and just as described .
excellent product !
bought this as a gift for my husband and he loves it .
super quality !
worth the money .
heavy duty . no complaints .
high quality , very nice .
exactly as pictured .
this product has a nice finish and feels like it is well built .
i would definitely buy this again .
this stand is good looking and seems to be made of quality metal - however it is not wide enough for the handle of my parker brush .
i was able to bend the tines to make it work , but it does not sit securely .
i think you need to pay attention to the width of your brush handle .
with a narrower handle it would be perfect .
very nice , exactly as described .
highly recommend .
well weighted and good quality .
looks very nice in person .
the larger side is too small to fit any of the brushes i had .
very nice . holds my gillette fusion and synthetic shaving brush in the correct position & looks great .
nice little cases .
they seem to be made well enough for this price point .
we are happy with them !
(we purchased two sets , for a total of four cases) .
great service !
my father in law will love it !
a very good looking stand .
note that while the brush side was perfect , the razor side did not hold very well .
it kept slipping off .
i just wrapped a small rubber band around the razor head and now it seats better in the cradle .
excellent product fast shipment .
i bought this stand shortly after changing from canned shaving cream to a beaver brush system to help preserve the brush .
it is a very solid , well constructed hanger for both the brush and some razors .
the razor hanging side does not work for my particular razor (mach three which is a rather dated design by a major manufacturer) but the brush holder is a must to help keep you beaver brush rinsed clean and allowed to dry .
the product comes with instructions for disassembly and thorough cleaning of the stand which i really appreciate .
the fact that it does not hold my particular razor does not because me any real concern because , due to the number of different razor designs on the market these days , i doubt that it is possible to design a system that could work for every conceivable razor on the market .
who knows , i may change razors next ?
my primary use for this stand from the start was to keep the beaver brush clean and to allow it to dry thoroughly between uses and it performs admirably for that purpose .
in addition it is well made and based on the quality of construction i anticipate that the finish and the stand will hold up for several years of everyday use .
i took the time to write this because i was impressed with the overall quality which i find to be a rarity these days .
unit arrived brand new , perfect condition .
holds my vikings blade items perfectly and matches exactly .
sturdy and heavy so no tipping .
i have a good razer this was great !
glad i did not have to pay $ one hundred .
i am pleased with the item .
beautiful and well balanced holder for my new de razor !
great price and fast shipping too !
the packaging was also quite lovely and would make an excellent gift !
this stand is fantastic for stepping up your shaving game .
i switched over to safety razors last year and will not go back to anything else .
this stand is a perfect compliment to my morning regiment of looking nice and feeling good .
the stand is built well and has a solid , weighted base .
the stand breaks down for easy cleaning and even for traveling .
i would highly recommend this product to all my friends and family .
looks nice on counter !
these are great !
fits a lot of sd cards and i have no problem taking them out or putting them in .
pros; cheap , works goodcons: not waterproof .
really strong stand .
does not wobble or anything .
arrived today .
no imperfections , easy to tighten , sturdy construction , and a fair price .
what more is there to say .
razor and brush set was just what i wanted .
it good well with the chrome steel shaving soap holder i purchased at the same time .
it is a very sturdy stand , and should last a life time .
goes great with my new viking razor .
looks good , everything fits real nice , easy to clean .
works well . the stand came a bit loose , but give it a few rotations and it tightens up perfectly .
it is easy to clean , and holds both my brush and razor well .
i would certainly recommend it .
very well constructed .
both shaving brush and razor fit nicely .
great product with very good chrome .
it looks great on the bathroom counter and i would definitely recommend it .
product arrived liked i went and purchased it myself .
no damage to it or the box it came in .
i got what i asked for and at a good price .
amazing shaving brush stand .
i have had this and used it daily for around a month and it is just like new .
it does a great job and i love this stand .
it looks great and is an excellent quality stand .
holds both my brush and medium futur .
product as described .
works and looks great .
my bathroom counter is often wet , and so far no rust .
love it . sturdy , easy to clean .
works just fine and looks sharp .
i have a mable counter top and the stand looks great on it also it has a felt pad on the bottom of it so it does not scratch the counter top great product .
good product .  as described .
works perfectly .
solid weight , no rust , holds both my merkur razor and badger brush perfectly .
not much difference between one stand and the next  .
. . as long as they fit .
of the three i have tried this is the only one that perfectly fits my brush (ambroley) and razor (gillette) .
sturdy product .
solid stand , have not had any problems with brushes or razers fitting .
i like it but todays razors do not fit in the razor holder , otherwise its fine and good quality .
does what i need it to , looks nice and holds my shaving gear .
whelp , i have used this stand for a couple months now .
nearly every other day , i have to remove the bottom and tighten the screw .
not sure why it kept coming loose .
my razor also kept falling off the stand , and had to be carefully arranged .
so , about the 3rd time in a week i found myself having to adjust the screw and carefully place the razor on the stand , i finally chucked the whole thing back where i assume it came from: the garbage .
nice looks and quality product !
i have had less than a week with this product , but the provider is insistent that i review it now so the best rating i can give it is an average .
it looks good on the sink where i shave and it holds my razor and brush as advertised .
this shaver and brush stand is a very shiny chrome .
it has a nice solid weighted base that will not tip over , with a rubbery type bottom to protect the surfacethat it sits on .
it holds my sons double edge shaver and brush very nicely .
and , they are easy to hang on the standby sliding them in the hanging slots .
to remove any soap and water spots just wipe it down with a damp cloth occasionallyand dry to a shine .
i like how nice it looks sitting on the counter , rather than a brush and shaver justlaying around on the counter itself .
the quality so far appears to be very good .
when i walk into the bathroom i see this and think how cool is that , it almost lookslike a nice decoration because of its decorative look and design .
overall it looks great , works perfectly , is easy to clean and does what it is suppose to do .
loved it looks great in my bathroom .
this item is a must have .
would highly recommend this as it will prolong the life of your razor and your brush by letting them air dry .
these straws fit my yeti tumbler !
very happy with them and the seller .
this item works as expected .
it looks nice and is easy to keep clean .
the perfect holder for my safety razor .
well built , nice quality .
reasonable price .
it is a nice product , seems to be sturdy quality and looks exactly as posted .
my husband loved it as a gift with his razor and brush .
great product at a great price .
received promptly as promised .
nice . . .very nice .
looks good .  it matches the chrome on my razor .
sturdy and sleek .
serves its purpose well !
actually one of those items that looks better than the photo .
. .really nice quality and chrome .
. .has a nice heft to it as well .
works great , i dropped my phone right on it is face and the screen protector cracked instead of my phone screen , so happy i bought these .
much better price than buying at retail .
i was a little scared to try this on my own but with the direction and tools included it was a breeze .
i thought it would also be of cheaper material or something but from what i can tell it is an exact match to what i took out .
do deal with the crack screen go ahead and buy it , you will not regret it .
will built and easy to use .
easy to use , just as described , .
great product - nice and heavy .
holds razor and brush with no issues .
great quality .
a well made very nice razor stand .
not sure there is much else tthat needs to be said about this .
works great .  it dries my new badger hair shaving brush in the correct orientation , and it fits my merkur safety razor .
it looks sharp , and seems well built and sturdy .
the brush holder was not quite large enough to hang my badger brush from by the handle , but as i saw others do , if i hang it by the bristles just below the wood it still works .
.  i also have a second brush which does fit this .
. . and of course i am hanging my safety razor on it so its all good .
just keep that in mind if you have a brush that has a fairly large handle it mat not fit directly by the handle and you will have to hang the brush below the handle at the bristles , other than that it feels solid and is heavy and seems to be well made .
i guess when your told your shipment arrived and it actually arrives the next day and the product does not do what is expected of , that the review will be blocked .
will never buy again .
it does what it was intended for .
.  asimply and well .
a clean nicely designed product .
the hubby enjoys hanging his razor and shaving cream brush on this classic and stylish looking stand .
very sturdy and well made item .
good stand for a brush & razor .
he really likes his plate and still has it !
works well . using this with the escali badger hair brush and merkur long-handled razor .
excellent product for the price .
well made sand .
sturdy with a nice weight to it .
looks great with my viking razor .
used with merkur long handled safety razor and escali shaving brush .
works great ! no problems whatsoever .
very nice stand .
it is heavier than i expected , which is awesome since it never tips over .
appears to be well made .
i bought as a gift .
a solid , handsome-looking stand .
very good quality , sturdy .
i was actually surprised with the quality given the price .
it also is made to fit most razors and brushes .
we actually have two different razors and two different brushes we did not have a problem fitting either one on the stand (it obviously only holds one brush and one razor at a time) .
overall , a great purchase .
i love the way my new shaving brush and merkur razor fits on this convenient stand .
i would recommend this to any of my friends .
very well constructed and works great with the razor and brush .
received this as a gift from my daughter for my sixty th birthday .
i love it  ! ! !
it is a solid product that does exactly what is is suppose to , hold your razor which in this case is a viking safety razor and it also holds my soap brush which fits perfectly in the designed area .
not only does it do as it was designed , it also looks very nice  !
! !thanks for such a great product  !
i actually was not expecting two cases .
i just looked to make sure they could hold some sd cards and did not bother to read all of the title .
anyways , glad i have two of them included .
great quality pouches and even the zipper is of good quality .
no complaints .
very impressive looking with my viking godfather razor .
the razor holds nicely in the stand with a little practice .
great product , rapid delivery .
kids loved playing this .
simple effect and cleans up well .
not top of the line , but not lacking either .
highly polished chrome , simple , elegant accent piece to your bathroom counter-top .
the base has a foam rubber no-slip pad , feels sturdy and looks nice .
matches most knurled de handle aesthetics well enough , and the stand is tall enough even for a long-handled merkur .
very nice stand one hundred% as expected .
this product is of great quality .
this is perfect for hanging a razor and brush .
the base is very heavy enabling the stand to be solid and stable while hanging or removing the items !
appears to be of the same quality as the name brand impellers .
worked great for my one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight larson .
installs easy , does not come with a end cap , but probably not necessary anyway .
i have been running it all summer with out problems .
for the price , i will be changing out this impeller annually , as last year my previous impeller failed after the second season and caused overheating and i had to be pulled back to the dock .
strong grill brush .
bristles are very sturdy and do an excellent job scrubbing the grill .
the handle is easy and comfortable to hold .
this feels like a quality product - really glad i ordered it .
very nice stand .
arrived in perfect condition .
small so it does not take up a lot of room yet very sturdy and stable .
very happy with this purchase .
great brush , works good !
happy with purchase .
perfecto holds my perfecto brush and merkur razor just fine .
heavy weight very well built and it looks good too .
this is a great addition in my bathroom .
it looks great , my shaving brush fits perfectly .
i really like having it .
not sure what fancy words can be said about a razor stand , because it is a razor stand .
i was not disappointed with the product .
it was put together great , and had a high quality chrome finish .
it does not look cheap like the stuff from the dollar store .
it has some good weight behind it so it does not tip over .
it looks great on the counter , and i would not hesitate to buy this stand again .
amazing quality for the price .
definitely classes up my bathroom .
excellent product .
nice chrome finish .
fits my escali badger brush and merkur hd 34c safety razor perfectly well .
great stand . a place for the razor , and even a brush if you use one .
if only the razor did not make me look like i shaved with a dull steak knife .
very nice weight and size .
chrome finish is quality .
works great ! !
my husband loves it !
great product !
this product is all that the description says .
it is very sturdy , fits my razor and brush perfectly .
the rubberized base makes it sit comfortably on any glass top counter as well .
my granddaughter loves peppa pig !
very high quality finish - perfect for its intended use .
this razor and brush stand was delivered very quickly and when received , i was very pleased .
the stand is highly polished chrome with a very heavy base to keep it from tipping over .
the positions for the razor and the brush are sized perfectly for my shaving equipment .
this stand is exactly what i needed for my one razor and brush .
i may have to order another as i increase my razor and brush varieties .
just classy and has a nice weighted bottom so not to tip over .
holds my merkur 34c and my semogue eight hundred and thirty boar hair , looks good to .
i know i have seen some reviews about it being a bit loose when they get it and while mine was a bit i was able to tighten it without having to remove the bottom pad like some others have mentioned .
great quality product !
not a cheap plastic but nice and heavy .
after i bought a new brush i found out that it is best to air dry the brush , bristles down , so after fifty years got myself a stand also it was delivered in one day .
great stuff  ! !
premium quality .
this product is well-constructed with premium finish .
i liked my purchase .
the stand looks great sitting on my bathroom sink holding my new vikings blade razor and my shaving brush .
in general a very nice razor stand .
the razor side could be another zero .
five cm deeper to allow my razor to sit without hanging off the edge .
perhaps my razor has a larger diameter handle .
otherwise very nice and the right size .
just as advertised .
this really looks great on my bathroom counter .
my long-handled single-edge razor goes on one side , and my shaving brush goes on the other .
both fit perfectly .
the razor side will also fit a cartridge razor such as the fusion pro-glide that i use as a back-up .
the construction is extremely solid , and the base is heavy enough to keep it steady .
the advantage to using a stand like this for your brush is it hangs the brush upside down , allowing it to drain and dry faster than resting it on its base , in which case the water drains down into the brush .
great product at a great price .
looks great , feels like your a boss .
the stand is sturdy and aesthetically pleasing .
it also matches my de safety razor .
i happily recommend it .
this stand works exactly as described , it holds a large silvertip brush and large heavy razor perfectly and is heavy enough to stay put on a polished granite counter .
the finish is perfect and displays the razor and brush perfectly while keeping them dry and out of the way .
this stand is excellent .
it keeps my blade and brush off the counter-top and looks quite stylish , especially if you pair it with the schone stainless shaving bowl .
quite the match indeed .
that being said , i only give four stars because if even a small bit of water or soap gets between the base of the stand , and your counter-top , the stand slides around .
if perfecto could employ a different anti-slip material for the base , it would deserve a five .
till then , four is all you get my boy .
very good quality stand , nice weight to it .
fits and matches my parker silver tip badger brush perfectly .
this is a good looking bookbag !
my son loves it .
it has more than enough room for all of his books , shoes , and sports drinks .
i got this for my husband and he loves it .
he wanted something with a more classic/traditional look , and this fit the bill just perfectly .
and i love that it does not take up a lot of space on the vanity .
perfect for letting shaver and brush air dry .
nice look and does the job !
would buy again .
frankly i was surprised as i was thinking it would be lightweight made in china kind of thing .
it is well made and weighted at the bottom and looks and works great .
five stars all the way .
holds my classic merkur double-edged razor and shaving brush without tipping over .
the height is tall enough where the bottom of my razor and brush do not touch the counter top .
looks nice but my razor will not stay on the stand , it falls off .
stylish and sturdy .
so solid , and really nice looking .
there is a little felt bottom that makes it solid and will not scratch surfaces .
fits most badger brushes and safety razors , very solidly .
highly recommend .
this item was even better than expected !
very attractive and compact so it looks really nice sitting on the countertop where it is handy to use .
it is also very sturdy -- does not wobble -- so the brush and razor stay where they belong .
a great buy !  heavy , durable , and well-built !
highly recommend !
awesome product .
great product; great value .
exactly what i expected and small enough to fit in my purse .
fits razor and brush great , decorative too .
this stand is amazing , beautiful chrome .
works very well for holding the razor and brush up and out of the way .
love this calendar .
i can see it from across the room .
very classy , my man loves it , but i am a little annoyed it does not hold his rubbery modern multiblade razors smoothly .
the handle was not rigidly attached to the base and pivoted too much when it arrived and my razor blade will fall off the the clamps under its own weight .
however , if you remove the bottom foam piece , you can re-tighten the screw and re-attach the foam piece and the item will work as intended .
the blade now fits snug in the stand .
he just loves the set the brush and razor with etc's  .
. .he is in oil and travels a lot and likes to make an impression when booming oil men stop in for a minibar  .
. . look at what else i bought with this .
wonderful product , brings out the flavor in red wines .
looks great and my boyfriends razor and brush look great on it .
very sturdy & fits neatly in the corner by my sink .
good looking and well made .
this is a good product and great value .
it looks good , is sturdy and secure .
the product arrived as promised and before the promised date .
get one , you will love it .
really good quality especially for the price .
it holds my harry's razor by the narrow part of the handle very well .
my brush fits where the bristles attach to the handle but it will not fit by hanging it from the narrow part of the brush handle which is what i would prefer .
the part that holds the razor is a little less than a half inch while the part that holds the brush is a little larger than one inch (see my photos) .
i love this stand .
it keeps my razor and  brush stowed away .
the price is perfect for the overall worth of the product !
does what it is designed to do !
this stand is perfect for displaying my new viking razor and brush&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/vikings-blade-luxury-badger-brush-heavy-swedish-alloy-base-obsidian-acrylic-one hundred-pure-raw-manliness/dp/b01gdzj4bq/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ?
ie=utf8">vikings blade luxury badger brush , heavy swedish alloy base + obsidian acrylic , one hundred% pure raw manliness</a> ,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/vikings-blade-the-chieftain-safety-razor-five-swedish-platinum-super-blades-heavy-duty-one hundred-pure-raw-manliness/dp/b011l8wjia/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ?
ie=utf8">vikings blade the chieftain safety razor + five swedish platinum super blades , heavy duty , one hundred% pure raw manliness</a>it is sturdy , the chrome finish is really clean and crisp , and it comes ready to use .
i would been using bent coat hanger to hang my old brush , but after upgrading to my new one i knew i had to have a real stand .
this is a great value for your money , would certainly recommend .
i did not receive any discount or incentive for this review , just believe in letting others know what i think since i rely heavily on reviews to make my own purchases .
came in fast and is very good quality .
definitely recommend .
if you are looking for a stylish , sturdy ecinomical razor stand .
then look no further .
this is a quality stand and would make a perfect gift .
just what i needed .
easy to apply to wall and looks great .
it replaces another that was an exact lookalike , at least originally , but this one is significantly more substantial , both in weight and in the chrome finish .
the previous one quickly became corroded and pitted; i believe this one will fare far better .
my razor (a gillette) does not fit the way it probably should , but i just hang it on one of the prongs , and it works well .
the product is nicely weighted and has a nice look & feel to it .
when i opened the package the product was a little loose but i am sure that was just due to shipping .
i just tightened it and it was fine .
so if this happens to your product , do not worry , a few twists and you will be fine .
i am happy with the product and its at the price point i feel it should be .
i would buy this product again as well as give it a gift .
just as the name implies , perfecto !
the quality and build of this razor and brush stand make it a great buy and one of the best on amazon .
the stand is well-made , nicely weighted and has a soft padded cover under the base .
it easily holds the several different style double-edged razors that i have with no problem as well as the classic badger shaving brush .
it is a minimalist design but the stainless steel sets it off very nicely in any bathroom decor .
a great buy which should last as long as the heirloom razor .
my merkur safety razor fit perfectly , but my art of shaving brush took a little effort until the outer clearcoat wore off a little .
advice shake out excessive water from brush & razor to avoid water droplets building up water marks on stand finish .
i also use rubbing alcohol on razor before storing to increase razor longevity .
works as it should , the only thing i am not a fan of is the felt material under the base .
if it gets wet enough it will move away from you .
however , this is not really a deal breaker .
well made , solid feel .
nice appearance .
functional .good purchase and seller is recommended .
it is a solid product that will fit most brushes and razors .
if you have a thicker then usual handle on either of those though do be warned that it may not fit them on the stand .
it fits only one of my two brushes but that does not bother me , nor does it detract from the great quality of this product .
first time using a stand .
this one very good looking and functional .
i am still awaiting the arrival of my ikon safety razor , but i have been using my boar's hair brush to shave with my disposable razor , and this stand is perfect for storing the brush and letting it dry .
it is very sturdy and is made of very good materials .
also , it takes up a very small footprint on my bathroom counter , so it is perfect .
for the price , this one is very hard to beat .
i love it ! ! !
very convenient .
this is an excellent stand .
it holds both the brush and razor for proper storage .
works well and holds my shaver and brush .
nice chrome finish , the wife allows me to leave out on the counter .
looks really nice and functions as it should .
very nice . flawless chrome finish and a sturdy , solid base with a no scratch felt to keep from scuffing up the counter .
just what i needed .
this thing is great and it feels really strong .
great job ! ! !
i saw almost the exact same stand for well over thirty dollars in a shaving store .
the is solid and stable and it looks good too .
there is absolutely nothing this could do to be better .
it looks beautiful , has a nice weight to it , and holds perfectly .
i would suggest this to anyone who wet shaves with a brush and safety .
husband loves this , great quality !
really like this and works great .
quality product for a very reasonable price .
will do business with again .
perfect stand for a long handle or short handle razor and it holds anyone of my brushes perfectly , it looks great also .
i love this stand .
the stand was a little loose , but you can take out the foam from the bottom and tighten the screw and good to go !
perfect stand to protect and show off your quality shave products !
i do not know how to break this down .
an excellent stand that is well-weighted and attractive .
i really wanted a wall-mounted one , but was discouraged by all i have seen or tried .
perfect size for shaving brush and razor !
great quality item .
holds my new badger hair brush and gillette fusion razor perfectly .
solid , well built stand .
my razor and brush never looked better !
really solid feel and great quality for the price .
durable , heavy , fits long handled razor .
this is so simple to use .
we live in a heavly wooded area and the kids get ticks on them on occasion .
you just put the ticks body in the hole and pull back .
just make sure you do it smoothly and make sure you get the head .
great little stand !
saves me space !
works for me :) .
the stand is beautiful .
heavier than expected and my brush fits great .
it comes inside a sturdy blue box which can be used as a gift box .
does a good job of holding shave tools and it looks good doing it .
it is a must for the guy that uses a safety razor .
besides , your brush will last ages with its hairs down .
nice looking stand to hold the brush of the same make .
holds the brush well and does not tip .
as a newbie to double edge razor shaving , i wanted a stand to store my razor .
initially it was the cost that made me purchase this stand .
it was a very economical choice compared to some other stands .
once i received it , the quality of the stand proved i had made the right purchase .
it has a nice , clean chrome finish .
the detail on the post adds a nice masculine touch and matches my razor nicely .
the no-scratch/non-slip surface under base is great to keep in place on shelf .
it has good weight to it and it holds my new escali brush and merkur razor nicely .
it adds a little touch of class to this bachelor's bathroom and will extend the life of my razor and brush !
i have only had this stand for a couple weeks but based on the quality , i expect i will have it for a long time .
with its high quality and an economical price , you would be hard pressed to find a better value stand that this .
i plan on buying one for my father as well .
arrived on time and is a very nice product .
it is attractive and sturdy .
i am very happy i purchased this item .
sorry , my previous review was incorrect (of another product) .
this is quite good .
the product was shipped as described .
it looks great and does a great job of holding my razor and shaving brush .
it was perfect and simple , exactly what i was looking for !
bought this as a gift .
recipient loved it !
i just received this razor and brush stand on eight/eight/sixteen .
so far it looks nice , it holds the brush i was given by my girlfriend who sells purely essential oils .
i love these and they fit a small post-it nicely for reminders .
i am going to get one every year now .
highly recommend .
displays my brush and edwin jagger kelvin rather nicely .
got this the other day it looks great on my bathroom counter stylish and well made my razor and brush fit perfectly .
extremely well made - high quality stand .
this stand is the perfect accessory to safely hold your valuable razor and brush and the fact it looks absolutely incredible while sitting on your bathroom vanity is simply outstanding .
an excellent stand for your razor and brush   !
if the post happens to be unscrewed a little from the base simply press hard with your thumb on the bottom center of the base and twist the post down snug .
very nice stand holds razor and shave brush just right .
pleasantly surprised when i opened the package .
heavier than expected .
sturdy and nice chrome finish .
great buy for the price .
works with several different size brushes .
definitely a necessary addition to your shaving supplies .
also , going to buy some for christmas gift packages for my sons in law .
i have only had this product for a week now so time will tell if it holds up .
the initial thought is this is built very well and much heavier than others .
this is a perfect match for my merkur 34hd and my escali brush .
beautiful stand study and priced great !
great stand at a good price .
i had this on my whisk list and shaved money by buying it on sale .
this is a great stand .
attractive , solid and stable on the counter .
nice quality stand .
in case anyone is wondering , the wooden shaving brush from the trader joe's shaving kit is too wide to fit in it .
works very well with the setup i have .
first thing you need to do when you get it is gently (i stress this if you are the type to remember even light scratches on your stuff) peel the little foam piece out of the bottom and tighten the screw inside .
it holds every good brush i have bought so far and keeps both the brush and my razor dry , so it gets five stars from me .
hold my shaving brush and de razor .
no rust after nine months .
my husband loves it .
i ordered this for him because he is always sticking his razor in the toothbrush holder to dry it (gross !
) and i thought this would be a nice alternative for us both !
its simple so it goes well with any bathroom decor .
its built incredibly well , very sturdy with a nice weighted bottom .
i expected less to be honest because the price .
. . but its actually really sturdy .
his brush handle is wider than some , so although it fits , it did not fit the exact way i had seen others pictured .
but as long as it fit !
very pleased with the product !
i bought a plastic one before for the same price .
i do not see this one braking anytime soon .
solid , heavy , perfect !
this stand exceeded my expectation .
holds my brush and razor so that they are not only off the counter but drying the minute you put them away .
i am very pleased !
it does what it is supposed to do .
perfect size - solid .
has not tipped over yet !
very sturdy and looks good on the counter , holds my razor and my scissors , heavy and solid .
very good for the price .
i absolutely love this shirt .
i wore it the day i got it !
plus it helps dachshund rescues .
very nice knurled chrome razor and brush stand .
matches the merkur heavy duty safety razor i have very well .
brush holder is a bit narrow (one" wide) for the brush i use for hanging on the handle itself , but still works fine on the base of the brush .
the razor side is  .
five" wide . i give four stars because the stand i received was loose and took some effort to tighten without ruining the foam pad on the base .
otherwise i am very happy with this product .
makes my viking double edge safety razor and badger shaving brush look complete .
it is great for my shower; great weight and stable , cleans up shiny easily enough .
my only complaint is that the razor side does not hold my proglide razor .
heavy duty stand !
holds my perfecto brush and merkur razor perfectly .
there is a pad on the bottom to keep it from sliding .
this stand looks nice and matches my merkur razor very well .
that is about the only thing it had going for it .
the base wobbles around and it takes incredible balance to get the brush and razor to stay on .
the screw at the base does not fit properly and as a result there is was a lot of wiggle to the stand .
i thought the product was defective and was very upset but representatives responded quickly to let me know that the stand could be tightened from underneath .
beautiful , simple .
only down side is the rotation of the stand is too easy so it is easy to accidentally drop your razor from it .
looks nice and does the job well .
hold my razor and brush perfectly .
substantial quality and quite functional .
perfect stand , no complaints .
good product that does exactly as described .
i took one star away because the brush i have does not fit either side .
easily compares to products priced a lot higher that look exactly the same .
well made stand .
just switched back to a safety razor and this stand looks good and does the job it is intended to do .
the stand is perfect for a razor and brush !
my husband loves it !
got this for my son as a gift and he loves it -- looks great in his bathroom  , does the job  .
nice stand , good price !
stand seems well made .
fits my razor and brush with no problem .
my grandchild just loved this dog !
she insists that it protects her tooth until the thooth fairy arrives .
it went along great with my perfecto shaving brush , build quality on this stand seems sturdy as well .
no real complaints as of yet .
this is a very simple , yet sturdy razor/brush stand that is weighted just right to prevent sliding or tipping .
the only reason why i docked it a star is because the hook does not fit my shaving brush .
while most shaving brushes have a similar handle , not all standard brushes are the same size in diameter .
the diameter of the brush hook measures around one .
125in/29mm , which is just slightly smaller than the diameter of my black pure shaving brush from the art of shaving .
the prevents it from seating inside the hook making it useless .
this is not the fault of the manufacturer , but it would helpful to have the size of the hooks in the product description , so buyers can be assured that their razors and brushes will fit properly .
i will simply have to buy a stand from the art of shaving to ensure that the stand will fir my brush .
item is perfect .
better than expected !
bought for my husband and he loves it !
great product and a great price .
the stand does its job perfectly .
it is holding my semogue eight hundred and thirty & muhle r41 w/ a weber bulldog handle .
the razor can rest either by the head or the handle .
as indicated in the instructions , the stand may become loose during shipping .
i simply used a philip's head screwdriver to tighten it back up & all is great .
holds razor and brush perfectly .
beautiful finish matches razor and looks great on counter .
fits the  razor and brush perfect .
just the right size for my new badger-hair brush from the same company and my harry's razor .
only issue i have is that my lather brush does not fit properly in the stand .
other than that , this is built to last and looks good on my counter .
this is the second one i have ordered .
the first is over eight months of use and has no pitting , rust , or break down .
these seem to be of good quality .
i bought it to go with a merck razor and shaving cream brush .
i recommend this product .
excellent quality ,  perfect stand for brush shavers .
very functional and attractive in your bathroom .
very pleased with this product .
apparently this stand was not at all designed for this brush and or the razor i have .
it is extremely hard to get the razor to fit where it is supposed to fit .
right now i am using a rubber band to keep the razor where it needs to be .
when i have time i will come up with an idea to allow me to be able to make the stand able to accept the razor better .
this is really a disappointment but it is better than what i had .
i was tempted to return it but i have used it and tried to work with it .
my disappointment with this order will probably because me not to  order anything like this again from this source .
looks nice and keeps by brush and razor off the counter .
this razor stand is a great addition to any bathroom .
holds double-edge safety razors with no problem , and will hold single-edge if you point the blade inward (at least with the gem's i have) .
the only criticism i have of this product is that the brush holder could be a little wider .
some brushes just will not fit .
the semogue owners club is a prime example - the knot will fit , but when wet , the knot is being pressed rather hard against the sides of the holder , which in my mind could damage the bristles .
i just stand it on top of it , but still - i would prefer if the holder could actually fit the handle .
the photos i have attached show the brush holder's dimensions .
what can i say , it is solid , looks nice and holds the things that it is supposed to hold .
no negatives here .
this is a very handsome stand for your brush and safety razor .
the escali brush fits perfectly in the holder .
well made stand , the base is a little wobbly , other than that it does what i need it to .
it works great for my double edge safety razor and my brush .
solid material and really stable .
this is a great piece that i purchased for my husband's birthday .
i finally got his razor off the bathroom counter and it looks great .
the only reason i have deducted one star is that it arrived loose .
i was disappointed and thought i was going to have to return it the day before his birthday .
i tried many times to tighten and was unsuccessful , it seemed that it would not thread properly to the base .
however , after my persistence and attempting to tighten using pressure it went together and i was able to give it as a gift on time .
this build the brick and razor perfectly and miss great on the counter .
appears as shown , though it wobbles .
i did not know that before i received it .
this might be to allow the top to swivel , though i would prefer it did not .
still , it performs its function perfectly and seems quality enough .
shipped promptly .
good stand .  sturdy and well made .
works with most brushes and double-edge razors .
looks great .  fits shaving brush and razor perfectly .
time will tell if rust/corrosion becomes an issue .
the razor and brush stand work great .
the quality of the stand is top notch .
it has a good weight to it to keep everything where you want it .
very convenient to have my razor and brush within my reach .
nice styling and well crafted .
if you are into old fashion shaving and really enjoy the experience then this is a must have .
the quality is good .
i was disappointed that the opening for the brush was too narrow for my brush .
that is the main reason i bought the stand .
what can i say ?
 , the product works well , it holds my murker heavy duty double edge razor 34c in place well .
with my badger brush for lathering .
great item , easy to use and very clear on your phone .
wish i had purchased these before my $ fifty one from the mall kiosk .
sturdy construction and made of good quality materials .
it is just perfect for the straight razor i just bought .
i will recommend this product to a friend .
they fit exactly .
. . .very satisfied .
. . .thank you !
delivered , product as described .
the stand was a little too small; the prongs are too narrow to grasp the taper of my brush , and the smaller set of prongs are too small for double-edged safety razors .
still , i cannot fault the vendor .
boyd"s bears calendar  .
. . always a great gift for the child in all of  us  .
. . will certainly buy the two thousand and seventeen edition .
totally cute ! the metal clips i had looked boring and were too thick .
this shipment came fast and the colors were exactly as pictured .
the best part was that it fit in my door , which was a very tight fit for other hangers .
awesome , thanks !
holds your brush and razor with an attractive stainless steel finish .
fits all four of the shave brushes i have .
holds my gillette fusion .
my safety razor has about the fattest neck of any and fits .
good weight , does not tip over .
great product .
came exactly as ordered in excellent condition .
fits my merkur razor and new brush perfectly .
compact and holds everything i need .
very sturdy and looks nice .
would recommend .
very nice quality stand .
should help keep my new shave brush in great condition for a long time .
also happens to be the perfect height for my arrangement .
i would have given all five stars if only the razor holder were a little wider to accommodate my razor - but i really did not expect it to do that .
looks great and hangs my razor nicely .
nice material , feels well built .
good weight , holds it still while hanging up razor or taking it off .
this chromed metal stand is just what i had been looking for to hold my shave brush and razor .
i had been looking elsewhere and prices ran over $ one hundred for similar , or even less study , versions .
i would recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality razor stand at a very fair price !
looks good and works well .
sometimes my razor will not stay balanced .
great for my shaving brush .
great product !
ultra fast shipping !
i absolutely love it !
! ! especially the shaving cream .
the fact that i do not have to get my hands messy with shaving cream is great .
gets the job done .
i was able to fix the problem with the company and it works great now .
thanks so much !
exactly what i expected .
husband loves it , looks much nicer now than the brush and razor just lying on the counter .
excellent , looks and feels great .
highly recommend it !
fits my merkur and the perfecto badger shaving brush .
fairly nice stand .
the brush does not fit easily into the holder as we thought it would .
but for the price , it is just fine .
well made and looks great !
this is just a great stand , just a great stand .
holds my silver tip badger brush and merkur short handle razor beautifully , and the look complements my razor and schne stainless steel shaving bowl nicely .
looks great and just what i needed .
nearly a year of using it and it looks brand new .
it fits any bush and razor i have .
if you like the styling you will not go wrong here .
looks very classy in my bathroom and let us my brush and razor air dry nicely .
very solid feeling and looks like a $ fifty stand .
solid build and looks elegant .
the weighted bottom makes this stand less prone to tipping over , and it is functional and attractive !
i have had this perfecto razor stand for over six months and i love it .
i keep it in my shower all the time as that is where i shave .
it is heavy and stays put .
it does not slide around or fall over .
it has shown no signs of rusting or buildup even in the very hard water conditions of my shower .
highly recommended .
great stand . it holds my brush and razor perfectly and looks great in my bathroom .
i would suggest that anyone using a double edge razor buy this to keep everything looking good and off the counter .
i believe it will help my razor and brush last longer .
i would buy this again .
product is as described .
shipped very fast .
came as pictured .
perfect for my badger brush and merkur 23c razor .
excellent product for the money .
fits my brush and razor perfectly .
only change i would make is to make the base just a bit heavier to lower the center of gravity .
but , the stand arrived quickly and in perfect condition .
nice quality .  recieved well protected .
this product is made of an exceptional quality .
perfect for my bathroom as it takes up very little space and holds my brush and razor with no issues .
in time , i will purchase the perfecto badger brush and an additional stand for travel .
great product .
received in a short period of time .
what a beautiful way to display your necessities !
even if it was not already useful , it is pretty too !
what a rock solid hefty razor and brush stand !
it can be hard reviewing something as simple as this but i will say a few things , all positive .
one . the stand is quite hefty and is perfectly designed to hold a heavy badger hair brush and a razor2 .
the base is sufficiently heavy such that taking the brush and razor out of the holder does not because it to move an inch .
the cheaper ones will topple over , etc .
the knurled piece in the middle makes it easier to move it with wet hands .
a necessity ? no .
a nice feature showing thought went into the design ?
yes !i am very happy with this stand especially given the price .
just what my father wanted !
the price was right and they were very prompt about sending .
very good option .
love it !looks to be very high quality but very afforable .
exactly what i needed and looks great !
great product !
excellent razor stand .
looks sharp . highly recommended !
bought for husband to hang his razor and brush on .
well made , looks nice on the counter .
would buy again .
its a very nice stand looks well made and sturdy it has some weight to it .
appears it will last a very long time .
this stand is amazing , love it .
i just wanted a cheap , decent case to organize my memory cards in my desk drawer .
i do not carry them around with me so i did not need anything more rugged .
these are perfect .
husband loves it .
great product !
i was quite impressed by the sturdy construction of this stand for the price .
it has a nice heavy base with a pad on the bottom to keep it from sliding .
would definitely recommend !
does what i expected holding my safety razor and brush .
recommend if you are looking for this type of stand .
fit perfectly and was delivered on time .
would definitely recommend them .
great quality .
works perfectly .
stand looks great on my bathroom counter- fits my parker faux horn handle silvertip brush well (at the top with the chrome plated holder , not from the handle itself- i find this better anyhow , as i find that stands that grip the brush from the handle seem to mangle the bristles) .
i purchased a princeton shaving club chrome de safety razor , and it is five .
twenty-five inches long- which unfortunately does not fit well in this stand .
i am able to get it to work by angling the handle away from the head so the handle is not on top of the base of the stand which allows it to hang .
this is not a fault in the stand , i just saw the descriptions and saw that it was over six inches high and hoped it would fit this razor- but i am not to worried about it .
all in all a good stand (much better than the plastic stand that came with my parker brush) and allows your brush and razor to dry properly .
it does exactly what it is supposed to do .
i have only had it a few days , but i have had no problems .
good way to store my razor and brush .
beautiful little stand , holds both my razor and the brush very well .
no complaints , nothing really to add .
i have used this in my volvo penta five .
zero  fuel injected a few times and always works as predicted .
i am new to wet shaving with a safety/de razor blade and i wanted something simple to place my brush and razor .
i am happy that i decided to purchase this as part of my beginners set for wet shaving .
it fits my brush and razor and storing them away in my cabinet is a breeze .
this goes so well on my husband's bathroom counter and matches wonderfully the shave bowl i ordered for him also .
bought it for my husband and he likes it .
very nice stand , holds my razor and brush without issues .
this pendulum made our non working clock work again !
(we had lost the pendulum in our move) .
excellent stand for my razor and brush .
top-notch quality !
this is a great stand for your shave brush and it looks awesome .
solid construction and it has a nice weight to it that keeps everything balanced , even if you do not have a shaving razor hanging on it; would recommend in a heartbeat !
it does a great job in holding my razor and brush .
looks nice as well , at least two weeks into its use .
solid construction .
good quality .  great price .
my classic safety razor fir perfectly and the set is ow front and center on my bathroom sink !
great quality and good price .
quality product .
item received as expected , on time and without any problems .
great product .
delivered quickly .
it is weighted well so it does not tip over .
looks nice and works as described .
does not tip over .
excellent product and even better than what i expected .
it is solid , heavy and holds my safety razor , and brush perfectly .
thanks for a great product !
great buy . . a must you have the soap brush .
did not fit my latherwhip shaving brush or muhle razor .
looks cool holding up my merkur hd .
before coming up on this my hd razor was often left aimlessly on my bathroom counter .
now its got a nice corner for displaying its classic beauty .
i have a merkur 34c , hd razor which , i might add is one of the best investments i have ever made; saving me hundreds of dollars in replacement cartridges for the old gillette mach three i was using before .
this stand compliments it very aesthetically .
i now welcome any opportunity to let guests use my bathroom and see what a beautiful shaving den i have .
nice product .  it can also handle large shaving brushes .
nice and heavy feel .
looks great . do not see any issue here .
this is a great stand for the brush and razor .
very good quality product as well .
i would very much recommend this stand to any wet shaver .
high quality , extremely functional , and sharp looking .
i love it ! i believe it has drink rely made a difference since i have been wearing it .
i cannot wear it to bed it is just not comfortable to sleep in but otherwise it is very well made very sturdy nice quality nice materials .
works great if recommend it to anyone who just had a baby .
only thing is i ordered a size m and i think the s would have been better for me .
i am five'nine and 145lbs after delivery (my baby was almost 10lbs) and still i believe the size s would have been better for me because in order to wear this tight the velcro on the wider part overlaps and its in direct contact with my skin so i have to tuck the extra flaps with velcro and it is annoying .
other than that i love this thing !
highly recommend it .
i use this to hold my vikings blade razor .
does the job .  nice bottom .
holds my shaving brush too .
keeps the shaving area clear .
very classy . does its job .
fine weighted stand .
it is what it is .
amazing item , useful , protects all the kinds of cards and since cameras , phones , tablets , and even some laptops can use sd cards etc an item like this is a wallet protecting all your information .
it is also durable .
received two a black one and a blue one with a piece of cloth .
great packaging and shipping .
excellent product .
recommend to all !
fills the needs of holding the brush .
very compact , sturdy .
fast delivery , product came as advertised .
i love the product .
but i admit when .
it came in the stand was very loose and wobbly from the base .
after removing foam on bottom and tightening it .
it works and i am sure will last a very long time .
but definitely looses a star for poor quality control .
nice stand , looks great in my bathroom with the razor and brush .
it is a great product .
looks nice and fits the dcor of most bathrooms .
the stand came on time and well packaged .
it is well made and well finished , it looks similar to more expensive ones i have seen .
the rubber on the basis maintain its stability on the sink smooth top .
it does its job well .
very nice stand .
high quality product that i know i will not have any trouble with for many years of use .
beautiful !  good price/value .
i am no "razor stand connoisseur"  .
. . . .but i cannot see why i would pay more for something else .
solid construction , heavy base , good as anything i could expect .
quality product .
great service !
i am new to shaving with a double edge razor .
i needed a stand to hold both the razor and the shaving brush .
the perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand has a stylish appearance and is functional .
when i removed the stand from it is box , the stem wobbled alarmingly on the base .
i tried to screw it down but to no avail .
i removed the base pad and saw that there was a screw extending up through the base into the stem .
after tightening the screw , the stand was rock solid .
there is a sufficient amount of weight in the base to keep the stand upright and that also gives it a feel of quality .
i use a merkur long handle razor and an escali one hundred% pure badger shaving brush .
the stand , the razor , and the brush complement each other very well .
i would highly recommend this product .
very nice , quality product .
i have always liked the clinique blush .
i use it with my bare minerals makeup .
great stand for my shaver and brush .
adds a nice touch to any bathroom and it is a quality product; very well made .
i purchased this item for my husband and he absolutely loved it !
razor stand is sturdy , has an elegant look that easily complements any decor .
gorgeous and very very elegant .
the only complaint i have that i cannot give it 5stars on is the size of the brush holder .
i have two , an omega and a lower quality one from walmart , and neither fit around the body or neck of the brush , i have to hang both by their bristles .
other than that , a wonderful addition to any bathroom for any shave enthusiast .
this razor and brush stand is sturdy and attractive .
it looks great and works well with the new badger bristol shaving brush i purchased for my husband .
i am very happy with it .
works great however i wish there was a better way for the shaver to stay on it .
if you share your bathroom space and need to move it a lot it just falls off .
. but other then that its great .
my husband loves this !
it was a birthday present and he is really happy with it .
looks and functions great !
i have had it for a couple of weeks so far .
perfect father's day gift along with razor and brush .
he used it this morning and being able to put the brush up to dry is nice .
very pretty and stylish on our vanity .
nicely weighted and has a very classy look , much nicer than the plastic stands .
the item shipped fast and came in a box that was perfect for gift giving (this was a fathers' day gift) .
my husband was very pleased .
soli'd construction , beatific finish !
looks goods nice weight .
voy good piece of gear .
it should be noted that it cannot be used with merkur futur , but should work with all standard de razors .
this stand is perfect .
it was exactly what i needed .
it is simple , sturdy , and elegant in its design and does not take up much space next to my sink .
i am very happy with it .
not expensive yet does the job perfectly .
very well packaged , much sturdier than i imagined , thanks for that .
very pleased , will make a nice gift .
owned this for three or four weeks so far .
no complaints .
holds brush and razor nicely .
my husband loves it .
sooooo much better than those expensive plastic ones .
he has a thick tough beard and he gets a smoother closer shave now .
great device for keeping my razor and brush neat and clean .
great ! my brother loved it as his bday gift .
holds my viking safety double sided razor as well as my badger hair brush well , counter weighted stand ensures it will not tip or fall .
recommend purchase .
it works really well for holding my husband's brush and straight razor .
such a better value than the cheapest one at the art of shaving for $ ninety .
i received this as a gift , and have been using it for over a month now .
it is been stable and takes up minimal room on the counter .
i use a gillette mach three , and with a small piece of medical tape on the neck of the razor it fits snugly and securely .
this stand is a great addition to my bathing area .
the chrome perfectly matches the faucet in both the sink and bathtub .
it is very heavy and very well made .
i look forward to enjoying it for years to come .
holds the brush and the razor .
has a foam type bottom so it does not shift .
does it is job .
looks nice in silver .
great .  it holds my razor and shaving cream brush .
what else to say ?
good price and seems to be a great product .
looks good next to the sink .
no more fumbling through bathroom drawer for the razor .
it feels very high quality and has an amazing shine .
fits both my safety razor and my brush - works perfectly !
looks good . the brush hangs perfectly .
however , the mach three razor does not - something to do with the neck of the razor .
it keeps falling off .
this is a terrific shave stand !
it is solid and well built !
it looks absolutely beautiful and perfectly holds your razor and perfecto brush !
the only downside to this stand is swapping out other shave brushes .
i recently purchased a new shave brush and the handle's outer diameter is bit larger than this stand's holder .
so , it does not fit .
so be aware that the stand will only accommodate perfecto shave brushes or brushes with the same outer diameter .
a shame i cannot adjust the brush holder to hold my new brush because the stand is terrific !
works perfectly and delivered very fast .
solid build , which will make this a long term positive investment in a daily activity .
just what i needed a truly great product .
good product . simple .
this was a gift .
it arrived on time and works as expected .
and it looks good .
works great holding my de shaver and brush w/o taking to much space up .
great stand !  feels very solid with a great chrome finish !
very solid . stand base is weighted so it is very stable .
looks great . holds merkur razor and brush .
works great !  ordered two .
this is the perfect little stand for holding a brush and razor .
very stylish design compliments any d&eacute;cor .
it is well made and will last .
comes apart easily for changing blades and cleaning .
expertly shipped to avoid any damage .
all one can ask for and very reasonably priced .
looks great and appears well made as well as being functional .
glad i made the purchase .
works great ! due to an injury i am weak in my gripping ability so i got this to help and so far i believe it is helping .
nice stand for the money .
it works perfectly for my beginner husband .
like it , works great .
looks and works great .
extremely well made and great finish .
happy with it .
overall , a classy looking and functioning stand .
my only issue is that my new gillette proshield flexball razor is almost too thick to fit .
it fits , but only if i insert it at exactly the right angle , and even then the tip of the razor touches the base of the stand .
product update possibility , perfecto company ?
husband loves it !
what do you say about a product so simple .
it is very well thought out .
the sizes are perfect for my brush and my safety razor .
it is completely stable and is easy to clean .
i recently purchased a safety razor&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/merkur-long-handled-safety-razor/dp/b000nl0t1g/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ?
ie=utf8">merkur long handled safety razor</a>&nbsp;and brush .
at the same time i purchased this stand .
my girlfriend and i are  into items that you can buy for life that also look really good , we both have the exact same set (i shamelessly copy her good ideas and purchases) .
along with my razor and brush , i too wanted a stand to keep everything organized .
this stand checks that box and then some .
being metal , it has a nice heft to it , is easy to clean , and looks awesome on my bathroom counter , bridging the gap between decoration and functionality .
i definitely recommend this if you like keeping your gear clean , together , and organized .
it also helps if you also like to plug the value in using a safety razor .
sturdy and well made .
the finish matches my razor and my brush fits in it well .
just got this in the mail today and it is already looking sexy in my bathroom tasked with the great responsibility of holding my razor and brush until i am ready to wield them .
i read concerns about these stands fitting their weapons of choice , but it fit my viking de razor a d perfecto brush .
. .well . . .perfecto .
great ! gave a coat of harley wax & it is good to go .
it does exactly what it is supposed to do and it looks perdy doing it .
works like a charm , my brush and razor are within easy access from the stand , and it helps to get the brush drier quicker !
exactly as described ,  sturdy and hold my harrys razor .
looks great and will help keep my shaving brush and supplies at hand .
it is a great product .
amazing value !
the art of shaving has these and their least expensive model is $ sixty .
this does the job and is a fraction of the price .
looks and works good .
it serves it is purpose .
its outlook is so impressive .
love it ! very nice and sturdy !
was exactly what i was expecting and very durable .
easy to clean up and looks good on the sink .
quality stand but there is a glaring issue .
i have not been able to find a brush that easily fits in the opening .
it is too tight for standard size brushes and the opening is too large for smaller travel size .
very easy to use , clean looking and a great  addition to any man's shaving arsenal .
keeps your things neatly looking with a shine .
this stand is perfect for the razor and brush .
the brush dries in between shaves and prolongs it is useful life .
works great with my razor and brush .
very sturdy and well-balanced .
the best stand for money !
i definitely like this stand for my safety razor .
my only upset is that the brush stand does not accommodate my aos brush unless i set the handle on top and let the hair hang below the arm meant for the brush .
the perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand is: very well made , looks good and most importantly does it is job .
exactly as described and fits my needs perfectly .
just be aware it is designed to match a perfecto sized brush , which makes sense but i overlooked that originally .
bought this for my husband's birthday the other day and he loves it !
happy with shipping and product !
my husband loved this set up he uses it everyday !
love bag very large !
! ! also great price !
product was exactly what i expected .
wife loves it !
was hesitant with going with this stand as opposed to some of the other more expensive ones found on amazon , however , finally decided on this based on other reviews .
this is a well-built , no-frills , stand .
it will hold both a razor and a brush without ever feeling like it will tip over (base is nice and heavy , with padded no-slip bottom) .
highly recommend for anyone looking for a nice looking stand that will last you a long time .
absolutely perfect !
i am just stunned to get such a good piece at this price , the marketing department needs extra training !
only get this if you have a very stable place to keep it .
i have to move mine a lot and it is pretty useless once you pick it up .
i have two at doifferent houses , they deteriorate (chrome scales off , starts to rust) within a year .
too much humidity in shower perhaps .
works perfectly with my maggard razor's starter set and helps keep my bathroom counter uncluttered .
a very nice addition to my safety razor and brush .
it really classes up the bathroom counter .
nice quality especially concerning the price .
the base is heavy and it never feels like it may tip over .
very classy stand .
brush and razor hand effortlessly from it and are very stable !
love this stand .
heavy metal not cheap .
funniest adult game ever .
a superbly cast handsome stand for brush and razor-fits perfectly in a sink counter corner .
excellent quality .
well made , solid .
have one issue , my "art of shaving" badger hair shaving brush is a bit to wide for the holder .
i can force it on with a bit of pressure and it will stay , or i could grind away some material in the brush handle , but why .
great piece of equipment , just be aware not all shaving brushes will fit the holder .
works perfectly with my perfecto brush and gillette fusion power razor .
stand is as expected , is a nicely weighted , and works very well .
would definitely buy again .
excellent stand .
looks great and holds the razor and brush well .
it feels well built and initially when i received it the post appeared to have got loose from the base (probably from shipping) .
the supplier and another amazon reviewer helped me with a quick trick (pull post and screw counterclockwise) and it fixed it right up and working perfect .
great service !
product as described .
my daughter loves it !
and the toothfairy loved knowing where to find the tooth .
very nice shave stand .
bought it for my husband because it was a struggle to keep his safety razor and brush in good shape on our tiny master bedroom vanity .
it looks nice on the vanity , it is solid , and it does exactly what it is supposed to .
he is very happy with it , so i am happy too .
this is defiantly a space saver .
it is good quality non slip plastic outer is easy to handle and keep in place .
the stainless steal blades are very sharp and wash up very nicely without much trouble getting to the back part to get it clean .
drys without spotting .
i would highly recommend this to everyone .
disclosure:  this product was purchased at a discount .
large enough for all of my needs .
great quality and weight .
this pendulum matches well with the clock a friend gave me and the adjustment of the leaf when i received it has been very close to perfect for the clock to keep good time .
i am very pleased with this purchase and would choose to buy from this company again should i need something else for any of my german clocks .
this is a great stand .
fits the brush and razor well and looks great on the vanity .
just the right size too !
when i got this the stem was not firmly attached to the base , but wobbled .
i could not see any way to repair it .
so i wrote a review criticizing the wobble .
after i posted the review i noted that on the low star reviews were comments stating that the foam could be removed from the bottom and a screw tightened to fix the wobble .
it also stated that this was caused by "shipping" issues .
i have now tightened the stem to the base by pressing up on the center of the foam while rotating the stem .
that tightened everything together .
the other aspects of the stand are lovely and i like it a lot , but i do not believe that qc is doing their job if the stem is able to work loose during shipment .
in fact i do not believe the stem was properly tightened in the factory .
if it had come with the stem tight i would have given it five stars , i should not have to fix something that is brand new , which is why it only has a three star review .
hold s both my badger brush and safety razor with no problem .
i have a parker long handled razor .
. . do not remember exactly which model but it fits fine .
the badger brush i have hangs upside down so it will dry properly and keep the knot looking good for years to come .
bought this for my dad along with the perfecto shaving brush .
perfect for your double edge razor and badger hair brush .
fanstastic . great for holding the shaving brush .
it has some weight on it so it will not tumble over accidentally .
i really like this .
i kind of wish the other end was for a straight razor though , but i have found a way to make do .
just bought one and it looks great .
it has a nice weight and shine to it .
my only complaint is that the brush side is too small to hold the handle so i have to hang it by the spot between the bristles and the handle .
the quality is really nice for the price .
it is just my equipment i guess .
my brush is too big so it rest up high like in some pictures .
that is fine .i have a merkur slant so it does not sit right on the hook .
it will fit sideways where there is no play .
i wanted  a stand that makes the razor side what but because of the slant being short i did not get it .
and now it just seems as if the slant is a pain in any stand .
the quality feels great though .
other than . my equipment no complainta .
stable , looks simple but elegant , and holds my razor and brush without issue .
this stand is beautiful !
it is a great complement to my new edwin jagger de89lbl chrome razor , which fits perfectly (as does my perfecto badger shaving brush , bought at the same time) .
for the price , i was expecting something kind of chintzy , to be honest .
. .but was very pleasantly surprised when i opened the box and found a gleaming , well-built stand that i would be proud to place on my bathroom counter .
the chrome finish is brilliant , and water spots and fingerprints wipe right off .
i am really impressed at the value and beauty of this item .
this is the second stand i have bought from these folks , perfect stand for my brush and 15c .
good shipping , good price , great stand .
a fine product that exceeded expectations .
functional and very sturdy .
does just what it is supposed to do .
i have a long-handled safety razor , so i do wish it was just a tiny bit taller , but it still serves its purpose and looks good doing it .
like many of us folks out there who need to shave it lease once a day , i became extremely tired of dealing with these financially outrageous and environmentally damaging disposable razors , no matter how many dozens of blades they now staked on them .
if anything , the more blades they put on the surface , the more chance of soap and hair getting into the gaps , therefore making of the blades dull  almost immediately .
and perhaps that is the purpose in the first place so that we throw them away quicker !
therefore like so many others now , i had a great desire to go retro , and like my father , use a classic single blade and razor , as well as stop using equally environmentally disastrous and hard on your skin aerosol shaving soaps , and instead , again like my father , use a brush and soap cup .
while i was purchasing these items i also noticed this neat looking stand which actually makes sense in that you can put your brush on it to keep it dry as well as your razor so you do not have to search for it every morning on your bathroom sink .
there are many choices for this kind of stand .
and it may seem silly to spend so much time researching the best one , but this is something of it literally could last a lifetime .
i remember that since i was a child until i moved from a home my father had the same razor brush and stand as well .
therefore after careful research on glad i chose this perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand .
i ordered it , it arrived quickly , and is beautiful sturdy and extremely functional .
and being stainless steel .
it matches beautifully with my newly bought razor as well .
simply , this is the one to get .
just what i needed to hold my safety razor and brush between uses .
the finish on it is perfect and matches the polish and finish on my edwin jagger de89 perfectly .
my only complaint is the stand arrived with the pole loose in the base and the soft foam applied to the bottom of the base covers the nut that you could use to tighten the pole back up .
i debated cutting a small hole in the foam to reach the nut , but found i could press hard on the area of the foam and keep enough pressure on the nut to screw the pole down .
so , i would suggest to the manufacturer to make sure the unit is tightly assembled before applying the foam to the base , or cut a small hole in the foam to allow access to the nut .
other than that small gripe , which admittedly was easily remedied , the stand is just what i wanted and looks great on my bathroom counter .
just as described .
looks great on the sink .
good solid build quality .
my parker and semogue brushes both fit  .
highly recommend .
great piece that goes well with any chrome razor with a textured grip handle .
beautiful , excellent quality !
very nice stand , good finish , heavy base with soft padding .
fits my merkur 38c with long handle and plisoft brush perfectly .
it also looks good on the counter .
this is a nice and classy stand for your merkur or other safety razor and brush .
my only complaint is that the stand does not fit tightly to the base , so it wobbles a bit and can be spun .
that may be intentional design , but i wish it were tight and immovable .
regardless , it makes my bathroom counter look much classier as i display my shaving equipment .
this stand is exactly what i was looking for .
simple , very high quality , would definitely buy from vendor again .
the stand feels heavy stainless , but have not had it long .
i use it for both brush and razor and it has no trouble holding these items .
feels of quality .
it is what it is  .
. . i bought it .
. . . . . but  waist of money  .
. find something cheap at home to hang your brush on .
arrived quickly and looks great holding my shaving stuff .
was worried it was wobbly initially , but just needed to be hand-tightened onto base and took a lot more twists than i expected (did not feel like it was working at first) .
i love the stand .
holds my razor and my badge or brush just right i have two of these and i would not be caught dead without them .
this is a very well made piece of equipment .
the stand fit my shaveology razor (head pointing upward) and escali badger shaving brush perfectly .
i am very please with this investment .
fits perfect . customer service was outstanding .
works like it should .
i bought this for my sister-in-law , and she loves it .
she used it to decorate her son's nursery .
a simple classy holder for a razor and brush .
this stand is very sturdy .
it does not adjust height but i like that as it is less that can break in the future .
heavier than l was expecting  , holds my razor n brush with no issues .
elegant , but sturdy .
well-made and balanced with clean lines .
very glad that i bought it !
this is a nice sturdy and heavy razor and brush stand it allows my brush to dry completely and gets it and my razor off of the counter which makes the bathroom counter look neater .
it looks really sharp too even better in person than the picture shows .
it is a solid , well-made product .
non-slip with a heavy base .
the chrome finish should protect it from rust .
holds my vikings blade double edge safety razor and my escali one hundred% pure badger shaving brush perfectly .
now when i am ready to shave all i have to find is my shaving soap and my styptic pencil .
right item . right price .
right now . thank-you for a great buying experience .
excellent quality of workmanship , solid feel , great looking , and functional .
great product !
has a solid feel and balance .
does not need both brush and razor in place to stay upright .
image is just what you get when you buy and nicely boxed if gifted .
does an excellent job of holding my razor and brush for drying .
i have had no problems with it .
no rust . no wobbling .
very reasonably price .
everything i expected !
simple , functional place to store your badger brush and safety de razor .
minimal design , so it just stays out of the way , is easy to wipe down , and holds my brush and razor with no issues .
what more is there to say ?
ii'll also note that the style matches the edwin jagger de89 razor i also picked up on amazon which also has a nice chrome finish .
looks like they go together .
very nice pairing .
you do not want your brush and razor sitting in a pool of water on the counter -- this is a proper way to store them .
a black handled badger brush also looks perfect on the stand .
great little pouch to store your memory cards .
very compact and allows for different size cards .
this is a nice stand for the money .
i own this stand and i had bought another one for a mother's day gift .
the item came in a box and when it was taken out and placed on a table , it was wobbly .
i removed the padding in the base and discovered the screw was completely loose .
simple fix with a phillips screwdriver .
great product but expected complete assembly .
great product , great value for the price !
bought this for my ikon one hundred and two slant razor and art of shaving badger hair brush and it works perfectly .
looks great , fits my intended items , and most importantly , has a solid weight to it so that it does not tip .
cannot go wrong for the price - i had looked at stands 3x more expensive that had nothing on this one .
quick shipping and we are happy with the product .
product does what product is .
it is a great stand !
very sturdy given the weighted bottom piece !
i am glad i ordered a stand .
looks great and is well built .
i have had this stand now for about six months .
it is stylish , and does the job .
i was happy enough with it that i purchased another for my wife .
works as advertised .
this is a great hand gripper .
i have fairly large hands and it fits in them nicely .
i love the ability it has to adjust the amount of resistance .
this makes it a true all-in-one hand gripper .
i really cannot think of anything bad to say about it .
the resistance adjuster is easy to use , the build quality is great , and the squeezing motion feels really natural .
this is definitely a five star hand gripper !
i received this product at a discounted price bases on my honest and unbiased review .
good item for its price .
very stable and and just what i needed to hold my new razor .
this stand is clean , simple , and good looking .
it keeps my brush and razor off the sinktop and so far i am very happy with it .
works well with the escali badger brush , and a merkur safety razor .
high quality , and matches the razor .
i bought this with the parker 99r razor .
the details match well so it looks like a set .
the base is weighted nicely .
i would recommend it .
for the money you cannot go wrong with this .
classy stand that matches my merkur futur and my brush very well !
works as expected .
clean simple design .
looks good next to my chrome shave soap bowl .
good quality nice stand .
only reason it is not a five is because the razor keeps sliding out of the holder .
holder works for an old fashion razor but not for the current multi blade shavers .
i just lay the handle across the top and it works okay but it does not hang down in the holder , the surface is too slippery .
works great and looks classy  !
! ! ! great price and fast delivery .
i use this for a diaper bag because milk and food are always spilling .
it looks like a purse so i take it everywhere !
it is kind of light weight .
heavy and solid .
perfect for my merkur "one thousand, nine hundred and four" and brush !
this is a great product carried by pop !
shop ! it is very solid and stable .
very well made .
i can only recommend this product offered by pop !
shop ! absolutely essential if you are truly serious about your shaving kit .
finally was able to repair my swiss coo coo clock after movers misplaced this part .
i thought with over two thousand, five hundred reviews , and only three% as one , two or three stars , i would have a good chance to be happy with my purchase .
but unfortunately the one i got was defective , just like some other reviewers had described , wobbly and unstable , and impossible to fix .
i had to return it .
this is and update nine may two thousand and sixteen: i love the heavy duty stand with chrome finish !
the only drawback i thought it had was not being able to support my brush - parker but i was wrong .
rookie mistake on my end .
i simply love my display .
it is gorgeous and this stand plays a yuuuge role in that .
this is a very practical item .
it performs as you would want a quality item to .
it holds my safety razor and badger brush like it was made for them .
great product that feels and looks substantial .
a beautiful product that keeps your razor and brush in good shape while saving space on the bathroom countertop .
well build , excellent price point , works perfect .
it was not for me , therefore i can not rate it .
great stand ! very solid and heavy , simple product yet solid construction .
holds it off the ground .
great product .
this is my first time using a safety shaver .
i knew i needed a stand for my brush .
this is the one i got , when it arrived and i picked it up out of the box , i was impressed , it looked amazing , and it had heft .
i was expecting something like you might find in the dollar store .
but this stand is solid , it will not be tipping over , it being stainless steel , it will last for a very long time .
my expectation is i will be passing down to my grandson , he is four , and i just know he will be able to use it .
just as described .
its good except my brush will not fit the handle part = ( .
product arrived on time and you get what you see here .
although i must say that i could hang my "pure badger shaving brush" in the big slot but i was unable to hang "merck short handle safety razor" upside down because the smaller slot is not small enough to get grip around the razors handle for hanging , so now i have to hang it upside up i .
e . blade side at the top , which leaves water marks when left on it immediately after shaving .
its not so bad but its not as perfect as i wanted .
i like its all steel look and engravings .
very nice product for the price .
good quality stand .
just as described .
nice , durable .
good gripping power and the adjustment works great .
really get a pump in your forearm .
arrived quick with good packaging .
i did receive a discount for a fair and honest review .
it works well .
i do find it difficult to have the razor and brush on opposite sides .
i sort of wish i bought a stand that had them both facing the same way .
. .but for what i got it does the job .
beautiful product , which is weird since it just holds a razor but it is very handsome in my bathroom .
outstanding quality and shave .
quick shipping , very happy with product .
weighted base is perfect for my merkur hd 34c and bristle brush , should accommodate long handled razors as well .
what can i say , it stylishly holds my razor and brush .
matches my razor from another manufacturer .
it was perfect .
works great , but you must use the perfecto brush so it fits .
mostly pretty nice and worth the buy , the angle of the grips are a bit off for a person with big hands , but still nice to use as a workout tool or stress release .
needed a basic stand to hold my razor and brush and this does the job perfectly .
the razor it holds is a merkur 23c and the brushes i have used it with are the escali badger brush sold here on amazon and an omega ten thousand and sixty-six boar brush .
great stand . well crafted with beautiful chrome finish .
i use it for my escali badger brush and a merkur double edge razor .
keeps my razor and brush all in one place .
sturdy well made .
as previous raters have commented the stem was loose to the base but i was able to get it to tighten up wo removing the bottom .
excellent fit and finish .
you could  and if you do not buy this unit , probably will  do worse , either because you overspend or underreceive .
one small thing to keep in mind , and duh but yet i missed it myself: this is set up for a brush and safety razor , not a straight blade .
if you do not have osha inspections or have small children , no problem: leave your blade handle open enough to hang over .
i love having a matching chrome stand .
my razor and brush look great on the counter !
noticed a big inprovement in grip strength at the gym .
great quality & value .
great shaving stand .
great weight (just under half a pound - two hundred and twenty-three grams) , sturdy construction , classy , and holds my omega shaving brush and edwin jagger razor perfectly .
it works ok , but my brush sits on there loosely .
it is a good price and people who have a standard brush should like it .
my daughter loves this dog .
the dog has a small pouch inside the mouth that holds the tooth .
the mouth opens with velcro .
on the side of the dogs arm is a small pouch for the toothfairy to leave the money .
exactly what i needed very solid .
works well to keep my escali badger brush upside down and also holds my double edge razor well .
the bottom does hydroplane if there is water underneath .
but that is my problem since i  keep it right beside the faucet .
i use this with my dorco prime safety razor and escali shaving brush .
both fit perfectly into the stand and the chrome finish looks great .
highly recommended !
this stand matches the soap container i have and holds both my razor and brush in proper position .
packaging and assembly were both well designed .
excellent . works just as stated .
would recommend .
very good stand at a reasonable price .
i bought a second one after getting the first .
perfect for razor and brush .
heavy and nice finish .
sleek and economical design .
made a wonderful gift !
exceptional product and prompt delivery !
high quality , good price , fast shipment .
very cute and my daughter loves it .
we are still waiting on her to lose a tooth , so we have not gotten to use it .
but she definitely snuggles with it every night .
not sturdy very wobble .
would be better if it could dis-assemble but otherwise is great .
i was concerned about the height in my razor handle is longer but it worked perfectly no problems .
i liked it so much i bought another one for another bathroom .
does what it is supposed to do .
if you use a brush and safety razor you need this stand !
it is very attractive and my brush and razor fit with no problems !
plus it keeps your brush right side up so it dries correctly .
i looked for quite a while before i found this one and not only is it very handsome , the cost was super reasonable too .
as advertised; very nice .
loved it  ! ! !
great for airplane travel .
great priced product that looks great and very solid stand .
works as designed .
great weight to keep it planted .
would recommend to anyone who has a brush and de razor .
very good quality and it is adjustable .
brush holder could be a little better made to accommodate wider brushes .
a beautiful stand and a must have .
however it does not fit the gillette proshield line of shavers properly .
the product finishing is first class .
looks very nice and is very useful .
cute and adorable for a nook .
the stand looks good , but my art of shaving brush is too big .
will be returning .
excellent product .
weighted to hold razor and brush nicely , and , it looks great on the sink as well .
this product works great , but you need make sure to get all the air bubbles out by removing all the dust of your screen .
they provide all the tools that you need .
what can i say about it - pick up sticks are pick up sticks .
the sticks are smooth without any splintering as you will sometimes see with more cheaply-made products .
as advertised .
works ok . would like to see it in a brushed nickel finish .
my first stand .
i like it . shiny and seeing my brush and razor reflect in the mirror is a plus .
i have a sensitive face but very heavy facial hair .
i am forty-seven yrs old and have been switching back and forth between cartridge razor and electric .
i have always had irritation issues .
shaving with this saftey razor has been amazing .
you can adjust the closeness of the blade allowing you to adjust this razor to your specific needs .
shaving has gone from an activity i dreaded to something i really enjoy .
i wish i knew about shaving with a saftey razor when i first started shaving !
better late than never !
great product !
craftsmanship is better than i am used to seeing .
well worth the money and a totally satisfied customer .
holds my bevel brush and razor perfectly .
great .  perfect fit for brush and razor that are made by other brands .
it holds my brush and safety razor .
stand is really sturdy .
works for me . would recommend .
holds me razor and badger brush perfectly , looks nice on my countertop .
this is a simple but effective product .
i have owned it for about a week now and it is a pretty solid stand .
i have not had any problems with rust .
i mean , look at it .
. . do you want it ?
if you said yes buy it .
nice quality holder .
nice finish , weighted enough to not tip over .
this is a great set .
it is very durable and shipped on time .
i use it everday and could not be happier .
looks and works great with my merkur .
perfect razor and brush stand for me .
i did not have a lot of room on the bathroom counter but this stand fits in well and looks good , too .
excellent purchase for my iphone .
looks really good and has good weight to support brush and razor handle .
recommended product .
gave this to my husband for christmas he was happy .
bought to hold merkur razor and parker olivewood silvertip badger brush .
perfect stand for the two .
. . looks like it was made for the merkur classic razors .
high quality . .
.very pleased .
<div id="video-block-r17ty4nm3tr6yk" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na .
ssl-images-amazon .
com/images/i/c113gs1xqls .
mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na .
ssl-images-amazon .
com/images/i/91ljre-g%2b1s .
png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;i purchased this item twice and received both of the items with the same defect: the stem is loose .
the whole stem rocks back and forth to the point that it is unusable .
unfortunately , short of removing the glued on mat at the bottom (and damaging the item) , there is no way to screw it in .
since the reviews are generally excellent and thinking this may be a one-time defect , i ordered a second one (there was no exchange option available on amazon) and the issue on the second item was identical .
so i will be returning both .
five/six/sixteen: per my comment below on this review , i have attached a video for reference .
this video was created using the second stand that i purchased .
i did not initially include the video as i did not think it was necessary; however , since jessica , the representative , is stating that it is a 'shipping' defect , this may be helpful in showing that it is actually an assembly issue .
sturdy and balanced , perfect for my shaving kit !
great for the price .
not much to say .
it holds the razor and brush just fine .
good finish on it , seems well made , reasonably priced .
decent price . i am happy with it .
holds the razor and brush without any issues .
would buy again .
as advertised , product is strong and heavy duty .
fits my brush and razor perfect .
this stand is very well made with a good finish and heavily weighted base which makes it very stable .
it looks great with my merkur razor and provides a safe place for my brush .
it does what it should .
my son wanted this he is very happy with the product .
my husband loves it .
works great . good weight to it along with the weighted base to keep it from being esily knocked over .
quality product .
it is vary nice , with my new shaving brush and razer .
it feels like they belong together .
this is an elegant , sturdy , and good looking stand .
it holds my safety razor / brush well and came at a reasonable price .
no disappointment here .
good solid stand , works great for my brush and razor .
excellent stand , looks nice holding my parker 76r butterfly open double edge safety razor and my brush .
great product .
well made . excellent service and fast delivery !
this was the third one of these that i have bought from them .
one at home , one at work and now this one for my son .
a quality product that should outlast me .
love this razor stand !
works perfect for my husband .
i thought about getting one for me .
representing , my sn and daughter , hooraw !
description - chrome finished brush and razor standused with: gillette fusion power razor , and the art of shaving black silvertip shaving brushpros: fits razor and brush perfectly , sturdy and clean look , relatively inexpensivecons: noneoverall summary: great stand to help organize shaving brush and razor for a relatively inexpensive cost .
i love the length .
nice handy little stand .
product as advertised .
works perfectly with my merkur 34c and brush .
heavy feel and good quality .
holds all my shaving equipment and looks good too !
it was purchased for a gift .
we have already gone back to the past & will never return again .
this keeps all shaving tools in one place and dry properly .
disposables have become so expensive and do not cut wirely course facial & hair with the precision & longevity you obtain from using double edge razors .
after a cheap one i got for my father at the local drug store was to flimsy to hold the items properly i was unsure of this .
however , the base on this is heavy enough to make it a sturdy platform for my razor and brush !
awesome product .
the one complaint i have is that the brush holder is very tight .
the brushes have flared ends and should be able to slide in and hang easily , however , you have to force it in .
it does bend and hold it very well after a few times inserting and removing it .
despite that still a five star product .
very sturdy and with a high quality bright chrome finish .
box was pretty beat up-but it was not a gift .
it looks great , as high end as many that i have seen for far more money .
and it does the job very well- i highly recommend it !
works great and looks hot !
excellent item  !
this is a classy stand that allows you to keep your bathroom counter organized  , .
just what you need for safety razor and brush .
just got it last week .
the base is heavy and it feels well made .
very happy with the purchase .
i bought this for my son , he likes it much .
fits his merkur 34c de razor and brush .
the finish is amazing .
i would buy it again , and i highly recommend .
services its purpose .
exactly as described .
shipped safely , and no damage .
yes it is well made .
my razor and brush look so good on this stand .
i definitely recommend this stand  .
anybody is thinking about this get it .
beautiful and very functional .
high quality product .
i am really happy with my purchase .
like it fine and use it all the time .
love this stand , and it arrived quickly !
i was concerned that this would be too large to fit in a box i am sending to my boyfriend but it is perfect !
he just recently started shaving with a badger brush and an older style , single-blade razor .
he absolutely loves the new style of shaving but i kind of had no clue what else to add to his new collection .
i remembered one of my friends who used to shave in that style and had a small stand to keep his brush and razor on .
perfect . it is small and elegant and i think will keep his brush dry and his razor from ending up on the floor .
i will be sending it out with his care package within the next few days and i think he will be very pleased with the quality of it .
it is very portable and will look very classy in his dorm bathroom .
i would like to get him something else as well to keep his spare blades and other items in but i will have to take inventory of what he has and go from there .
good design .quality made .
recommendedused for de89bl ej .
amazing quality for the price !
heavy piece , with excellent fit and finish .
this stand is very well made and does exactly what it is supposed to do .
for whatever reason i thought it would be bigger than it actually is but it is a very good size without taking up a significant amount of counter space .
this will likely be the only stand i will ever need .
seems as through it would fit just about any razor and brush .
no complaints whatsoever .
this is a great brush and razor stand , i love it .
my boars bristle brush is too big to fit in this  .
looks good with the merkur razor and escali brush i own; seems to be well made; functions as expected .
this is a great product .
i am giving it four/five stars because the identical product can be purchased on amazon for a few dollars less .
otherwise , for about $ fifteen this is a nice looking and seemingly decent quality shaving stand .
well constructed and attractive .
certainly meets my needs - would definitely buy again .
nice design , looks much nicer than the picture .
great product .
this stand rocks !
it makes our bathroom look clean and sheek .
bought this as a gift to my spouse and he loves it .
it displays his fancy razor and shaving brush .
it has a steardy bottom and is heavier than i though it would be , giving it the ability to remain upright if accidentally get bumped or brushed in the morning .
highly recommended !
not much to say .
looks good and price is good .
just as advertised it holds my razor and brush like it is suppose to lol .
could not ask for more; good quality , stable stand , easy assembly , quick delivery .
brush and razor fit perfectly .
substantial and heavy-ish .
you are not going to knock it over hanging up your razor or brush .
chrome seems to be well applied .
only time will tell .
this stand is great and priced well .
i like the heavy weight base and non-slip coating on the bottom .
i have a small bathroom with a tiny sink space , this is smaller then the stand that came with my razor kit and allows the brush and razor to air dry better .
this is a sturdy brush stand .
i was surprised and very pleased when i saw and held it; my favorite brush and old chrome razor look terrific while being quite secure .
excellent product that is reasonably priced .
looks great in my bathroom and serves the purpose of holding my razor as well as my shaving brush .
the other item is that the stand is stable so there is limited risk to your razor falling off or the stand falling for no reason .
do not pay retail and check out this stand .
i am sure glad that i found this on amazon .
the galaxy design looks really cool and nice .
i am impressed !
great product .
the strap is thick and the set of zippers are durable !
functions as stated .
works great and looks great , what more can i ask for ?
this item had to be returned , it was not the one he wanted and his brush did not fit .
completes are matching set !
the stand is great .
just as pictured .
my husband just got this along with a safety razor , shave soap , brush , etc .
it looks great and dries out his razor and brush when he is finished using them .
the stand was a little loose when he got it , but the piece of foam on the bottom popped out and he was able to tighten the screw without a problem .
definitely a necessary item if you are using a safety razor and brush to shave !
my first tree from balsam hill and i really love it .
looks pretty realistic .
a lot of my friends thought it was a real tree .
this is a great stand , plain and simple .
it keeps things neat and has a nice heft to it .
it also has a rubber pad on the base so it does not slide easily or leave any marks on your sink .
make sure you measure your razor and brush to make sure it will fit - long-handled razors may have to lean against the base , as opposed to hanging free .
all in all , this is an excellent , solid shaving stand and i would highly recommend it .
does what i need it to do .
perfect ! and great price !
stylish and sturdy .
fits my brush and razor great .
good quality stand .
worth every penny .
you get what you pay for with this product .
it is cheap on price and cheap on quality .
it does not stand straight and swings from side to side so when you take the razor off the brush falls out and vice versa .
spend a few extra bucks and get something worthwhile .
met me needs perfectly .
significantly less expensive than found in stores .
i had hand surgery and this has helped me get back the strength in my hand ,thank you .
these are a great product  !
the only qualm i had is that if you have really large hands ,these might not be long enough .
i wish the brush holder side were big enough to hold the brush by its handle (at finger hold indention) instead of between the handle & the bristles (at brush handle base) .
also , it came in a loose state , i am going to have to peel back the sticky base cover on bottom to try & tighten screw or whatever holds the central column to stand base .
quality product , awesome price .
very well made and a functional design .
good stand . holds my safety razor great , and will accommodate your brush .
pleased with it .
when i purchased my safety razor and badger shaving brush , i did not think i needed a stand for them .
but i went ahead an bought this .
and man am i glad i did .
this is one sturdy , good looking stand .
it holds my razor and brush , and allows them to drain and dry off .
it does it is job .
so , if you are looking for a stand for your razor and brush , get this one !
five stars . only one problem .
. .i have started collecting brushes and some are just a little too fat to fit in this stand .
but it is perfect for the razor i am currently using and ninety% of the brushes i own .
very simple and easy to store stand for my straight razor and shaving brush .
this was a lot more heavy duty than i was expecting , very sturdy , very clean and nicely constructed , great buy !
looks and feels well made .
very stylish  !
this goes along beautifully with the silver straight razor that i gifted my boyfriend .
it has yet to show any signs of rust or tarnish .
i highly recommend this for the gentleman in your life .
bought this for my husband's birthday and he loves it .
looks sharp and easily holds his razor and brush .
it is awesome in my bathroom .
definitely the coolest thing in there .
when it is holding my merkur razor and my van der hagen brush , it looks good .
it is easy to clean , too .
my only complaint is that the brush holding part is so small that no brush that i have found us can fit in there by the handle .
guess you would have to get a perfecto brush .
i do not want to get one because i want to be able to choose where my brush is made .
i am shopping for a new brush , but it is hard to find out which one would fit in this particular stand .
not the worst problem in the world .
i still like the stand .
was what i expected .
old school shaving and classy .
this beauty complements my merkur razor nicely .
a great value for a solid quality product .
i bought all my accessories separately rather than in a set , and i am glad i got this stand .
works perfectly with both razor and brush .
my brush & razor fit nicely into stand .
i am certain that brush & razor will hold up longer hanging in this stand rather than thrown into a drawer under the vanity .
the perfecto chrome razor and brush stand is a nice addition to my bathroom counter .
it is both well fashioned and very functional , and it keeps my shaving brush and razor in a secure and dry place .
the stand looks very nice & seems well made .
i did not check the size of my brush handles before buying this .
neither of my brushes fit the stand .
because the stand is well made i should be able to modify it to work .
the company is great .
they offered to refund my money because i messed up .
very classic i love it .
this is just what the doctor ordered  to keep your razor and brush clean and in one location .
the only suggestion i could make would be to make the base slightly larger .
this stand is just what i was looking for .
no frills .  holds my brush and my razor just right !
the stand is made of nice , heavyweight metal , has a soft base , and appears in all ways to be a quality product .
the flanges at the tips of the rack do a good job of keeping the razor and brush on the stand .
my razor and brush fit well and securely , and my bathroom area is more neat and tidy .
it is sturdy to hold my razor and very fancy .
good stand . holds my edwin jagger de89lbl and perfecto one hundred% pure badger shaving brush just fine .
looks good - chrome plating nicely matches the razor .
looks good and allows my brush to dry properly .
gorgeous stand .
looks great next to my black soap bowl .
nice weight , finish and design .
brush fits , razor fits .
best of all it looks fancy .
thought it would hold my fusion razor but it does not .
my fault for not reading description in full .
does an excellent job of storing and holding razor and brush in proper position for drying  .
my razor and brush do not fit .
absolutely perfecto as far as i am concerned !
good value for the price .
the stand adds a nice touch to the razor .
love it i have two of them .
very sturdy looks good on the counter .
solid  , well made , looks good !
great value . replaced a much more expensive shave stand that was lost during a move .
husband loves it .
very happy with purchase i searched several chain stores and came up empty went on amazon presto there it was here in three days perfect thanks again jd .
looks great  in my bathroom .
perfect for holding my short handle safety razor and brush .
hard to go wrong with a razor/brush stand , but this was definitely made well .
it feels very sturdy and is very bottom-heavy to prevent tipping over .
it also has a thin foam padding on the base which is a nice touch .
highly satisfied with this item !
beautiful fabric .
this stand has some serious weight to it and holds up swimmingly to the razor and brush and the daily abuse .
this is not a cheap stand .
great stand for the price .
love this stand .
nice chrome finish .
heavy base stable .
fits straight edge razor and brush wonderfully !
i really like it .
these make wonderful toys for children to play catch inside .
excellent stand , sleek and durable .
perfect for my razor and brush .
i intend to have this for some time to come .
i would recommend this product and seller to my friends .
i do feel my review would hold more weight in twenty years .
that is because i hope to have this product that long or longer .
i would like to think that in my seventys that it will be at least close to as shiny and no rust spots .
as of the here and now ?
yup it holds my razor and brush in a sparkling sturdy way .
i can be gone all day or sleep all night  ,and when i check on my brush and razor their right there hanging out just like i left them .
it works great !
almost worry free .
works as intended .
nice stand . really like it .
perfect . economical and perfect addition to my morning's shaving routine .
purchased this for my husband and he loves it .
also looks quite stylish .
would purchase again for sure .
bought this for my perfecto double edge long handled safety razor .
it is very sturdy and is at the perfect heighth for my razor .
one side holds the brush and one side the razor .
it is perfectly weighted so that everything stays balanced and it does not tip over , even when one of the items is removed .
it has a rubber , non-slip sole on the bottom to keep it stable and keep it from scratching the bathroom counter .
it is of excellent quality and has held up very well .
replaced another shaving stand that did not fit my brush .
this stand is heavy , nicely made and looks super classy .
exactly what i needed and expected .
no complaints about this transaction .
ok , so i switched to an old fashioned razor because i could not stomach the prices of disposables .
this keeps the blade from getting dull and looks great on my vanity .
no wobble . holds my 99r razor and the perfecto shave brush perfecto .
the best solid perfect 1st time de user buy it :-) .
excellent build , finish and quality .
does not seem like you would find something made of this quality anymore .
totally happy .
it was just what i needed !
this stand is perfect for holding my son's razor and badger brush .
good quality and came on time !
i have been using a plastic stand for years .
saw this stand and love it .
it works great , easy clean up and looks great in the bathroom .
they look strange , but work great and very easy to clean and do not leave brush hairs on stuff .
i just recently got into wet shaving , and like most people , i needed to get a stand for my razor and brush .
this stand is perfect !
very heavy duty and well balanced .
sturdy and elegant !
great tool to keep things organized .
holds the razor and looks nice doing it .
keeps the razor off the counter .
very nice chromed , weighted base stand that holds my merkur razor and shaving brush .
i highly recommend this stand and the seller of the stand .
it arrived promptly and well packaged .
appealing looks with a nice heft .
built like a rock .
it will last forever .
nice styling and looks good on the vanity .
this is a very nice razor stand , it was received just as described .
seller ensure i receive it and offered help with any questions i might have .
great product !
holds brush and razor easily , enjoy it .
perfecto for my brush and razor .
quick shipping .
sturdy design .
would buy again .
i have it set up on my bathroom sink .
looks pretty good .
i had in all my years of shaving never had a stand for my razor and shaving brush .
i could not decide if i wanted the chrome or the black one .
i chose the chrome .
decent sturdy construction .
like it a lot and my cat likes it i make them for here .
it works great .
holds a harry's razor and a badger brush perfectly .
great stand solid has a lot of weight in the base does not fall over or wobble .
for some of you who can read this is for a de or saftey razor not your disposable razors .
still spotless and standing .
looks great and does it is function as promised .
does the job and looks fantastic at the same time .
a great addition to bathroom counter .
let me lead off by saying i had to return this product , but it was not because of defect , but the size of my shaving brush .
for the price this stand is very nice .
feels solid . chrome finish is bright and consistent .
the brush opening was just too small for my shave brush .
and it lacked a curve to keep the brush from falling out .
i have a chrome pommel , parker brush and without a little curve to the brush prongs our a wider split between them , my brush would not sit in the holder .
for those with a smaller , less base heavy brush , this stand should function flawlessly .
i changed from a three star to a four simply because of the customer service .
they contacted me and were extremely nice .
the product seems very solid and i only wish it would work for my brush .
boyfriend needed one of these forever .
got him a new brush a while ago but he would not use it without the stand because he did not want the bristles rotting out like in his old brush .
now his brush stays dry !
looks good too , and matches the merkur razor he has .
great stand !  what more can i say other than this is a great little stand that does exactly what it is supposed to - it holds the razor and brush and looks good doing it !
this stand is perfect .
it has a very nice color and shine too it , and is a good weight .
i am using it with a merkur 20c and a parker pure badger shave brush with a chrome base .
the chrome on the razor and the brush go well with the chrome on the stand , and both the brush and razor fit in their respective spots very snugly .
do not hesitate to purchase this if you are looking for an inexpensive , good quality stand .
this is a great stand and great value .
i liked it so much i purchased two for both of my homes !
i am usually pretty skeptical of items like this (ones that are going to get a lot of use and need to accommodate that) on amazon , as i worry about quality and strength in the long term but i am completely blown away with this stand .
it holds my maggard mr18c and large synthetic brush easily and gives them a great looking display .
it is hefty and feels very solid .
no worry about it tipping over from the weight of my razor or breaking the second it may be dropped or get shoved off my bathroom counter by a nosy child's hands when family and friends bring their spawn over or by my dumb cat .
i do not care too much what my stuff looks like , but the stand is very pretty as well .
super shiny and very "premium" looking .
and i appreciate it is small size too .
many of the stands sold at my local shaving shop are pretty large and bulky (often including extra sections for other items or just having large bases) , the bathroom in my house is large but spend a lot of time at friend's place watching the house while they travel for work and their apartment is tiny and has no space for large stands .
i like being able to actually use this in smaller areas .
i was pleasantly surprised by the solid weight and soft touch bottom , great build quality , especially for the price .
bought as a gift for safety razor-obsessed husband .
he loved it and it holds his shaving brush and razor perfectly fine .
stand looks great .
highly polished , appears to be well made .
great addition to my bathroom counter .
excellent addition to my (growing) wet shave collection .
it fits my merkur 34c perfectly .
easy to read twelve feet away .
i just purchased  a parker sixty-two l razor and i am glad i did it is the best razor i have ever bought can i have the bestimate  customer service they got up with me three times before the razor even got here and got up with me after  i received  the razor how enjoyed my  razor and that makes me feel like they stand behind their product  one hundred% .
this product is perfectly designed for what it is meant to do .
the build quality feels great , the grip is comfortable and the adjustable tension makes this suitable for all hand-strength levels .
would strongly recommend this over any of the simpler hand grippers !
my husband bought this for my seven year old son so they could work their grips together .
it is working great and it is nice to be able to adjust the resistance .
i have also picked it up a few times to use during my workouts .
could not be happier .
it is a nice solid stand with a good weighted base for great stability .
but it is down graded because of the forks for both the razor side and the brush sides .
the razor side just are not long enough , and to put the razor (cartridge dorco razor) in , you have to be precise to get it to hang and as i rush around in the morning i am not .
on the brush side , the forks are very tight and narrow , and did not fit the parker brush , that it was promoted to be sold with .
i had to bend the crap out of the forks just to get the brush to half-way sit in the stand .
this is a great stand for the price .
it is very handsome , and complimentary to most de razors .
i have a cheap de razor right now , but will upgrade to a better quality one soon .
that is why i bought this stand , for my future high quality de razor .
this stand fits the badger brush i use , which is a standard sized brush .
the stand has sufficient weight at the base to stay in place when removing and replacing the brush and razor .
the bottom of it has a type of water proof , felt like padding , so it does not scratch your counter top .
all in all , i presume i will be using this for several years , and am very pleased with the purchase .
terrific value for the money .
looks much more expensive than it is .
buying a second one for my son .
love boyd's calendars .
good quality and great for teddy bear lovers .
i get one for christmas every year and enjoy it !
does exactly what it is advertised to do , hold my safety razor and shaving brush .
very solid base .
a perfect place to hang your brush and razor .
this is a very high quality stand made of heavy metal with nice sharp checkering and a great looking finish .
nothing cheap looking about this product .
it would be a good deal at twice the price !
very nice razor and brush holder aaaa++++ .
worked perfect .
. . .great purchase !
i love the shaving cream very much .
looks awesome and works great .
chrome ? yes .cool looking ?
why not ?does its job ?
of course .do you shave with a safety razor and brush ?
then get this thing .
if you do not use those items to shave your face , then you must like disposables , which means i do not trust your judgement in most things .
fyi , keep this thing clean .
not for possible damage , but just for pride and having nice looking things .
plus , if someone uses your bathroom and sees that this thing is gross , they will wonder what else in your life is gross (seriously , they will) .
great stand for brush and razor (fits my harry's shave handle excellently) .
heavy construction , with a nice base that will not tip over .
excellent addition to my old school shave .
this is the 2nd year that i am using this organizer .
i found out a couple of years ago that i would sometimes forget to check the organizer on my phone .
this is a great back-up .
it also helps me with appointments in the future (e .
g . , dental) .
it is the perfect size: large enough so it does not get lost; small enough to fit in my purse .
i also love the format and the tabs .
the stand looks great and feels sturdy .
fits my blade and brush perfectly .
no problem with the quality .
very sturdy with good weight and nice design .
i should have paid closer attention to the width opening for the brush because it does not fit my art of shaving badger brush .
no problem though , since my next brush will not be purchased from that company (just too expensive) and i will make sure it fits .
very happy with this .
looks good and very functional for razor and brush .
nuff said .  no corrosion issues .
excellent value .
a nice heavy piece that is exactly how described .
so far i love it .
the chorme cleans easily and looks classy .
easily holds my brush and razor and doens't tip at all .
beautiful stand !
this thing seems to be pretty high quality !
it does fit the perfecto brush perfectly but it will also fit others !
i have a bigger razorock synthetic brush and it still fits , but not around the handle .
i have to put it where the handle meets the hairs .
the perfecto razor and brush stand holds my badger shaving brush and a second razor .
it is attractive and utilitarian .
a great choice .
excellent product !
i was not expecting too much , as many similar items are flimsy and plasticy .
needlessly to say , i was very pleasantly surprised .
this stand appears to be as high quality as the merkur razor that it holds , which is high praise .
the brush half is slightly too small for the art of shaving brush that i was given , so i found a replacement that is better looking and fits nicely .
this stand was a huge improvement to our bathroom vanity .
i just switched to a de razor and figure why not get this instead of throwing it in a drawer .
it was reasonably priced and it feels sturdy so i think it should last a while .
it has one job to do and it does it .
very heavy , looks good matching my razor handle .
i hope the rubber base holds up over time .
its great .  i have been needling this for some time .
excellent balance .
this item is extremely well made ,& even better once ,i saw ,it .
it matches all the chrome in the bathroom so not only is it a awesome decorative piece it holds my husband's new razor & keeps it from laying down wet keeping it from getting molded and rusty .
we love it ! ! !
great addition to our bathroom decor but useful as well .
solid quality item .
i am enjoying it .
i bought this as kit for a safety razor and boar bristle brush .
it is well made with even chroming .
(often a problem .
) it holds my merkur safety razor attractively and my shaving brush bristles-down for proper drying .
looks very nice and will be a great gift .
delivery was prompt and i am satisfied .
he is used it for about a year and still going .
good one .  i got this and the blades and set etc as a xmas gift .
my husband never shaved this method before but i thought it was classy and fun .
he loves it !  it is a great manly type of gift and he say's he will never go back to shaving the other way again .
excellent value and quality .
went to a mall shaving store to see what they had and this was so much better on all fronts !
i received my perfecto deluxe crome razor stand about a week ago , and it lives up to it is name .
it holds my razor and shaving brush perfectly .
it also adds a touch of elegance to my bathroom counter .
in my opinion , it cannot be rated any less than five stars .
it is great . has a nice wieghted bottom .
just fyi , it is a nice stand .
great customer service .
but it is too small to hold an "art of shaving" brush .
nothe only does my baby love this itsong comfort for my wife to wear .
my first stand as i have made my move into turning away from all cartridge razors .
i still use a top-of-the-line electric razor but is not always enough .
this stand is stable and nothing to complain about .
i have a merkur 36c hd razor which works perfect with this stand as it can hang on it up and hang from the bottom of the razor .
nice price , good weight and solid .
they are great .
makes it easier to drink .
several months after purchase , this still looks great , functions as it should .
look nice and it is stable  .
this is perfect for my art of shaving brush and safety razor .
much better priced than if i had bought it from art of shaving .
nice and sturdy , heavy base .
just was i was looking for .
as advertised .
delivered on time .
gorgeous , heavy weight razor / brush stand .
nice way to keep our new metal safety razor clean and sharp .
no more plastic razors clogging up the landfill !
so eco-friendly setup with great design .
the quality for the price is through the roof on this thing .
for the money , this is a decent stand , nicely weighted and plated .
if you are getting into wet shaving and start out with amazon's popular and economical escali brush this stand will serve its purpose .
unfortunately i have found that the majority of my other brushes do not quite fit into the brush holder side of the stand .
if the manufacturer had increased the inner diameter of the brush holder by one/eight" this issue would have been solved .
it is possible in most cases to slide the brush into the stand where the bristles meet the handle but this leaves the brush unbalanced and easy to knock off the stand .
this method also needs to be done with care as it increases the possibility of damaging the hairs or fibers on the brush .
looks like i am in the market for a replacement stand .
sad that the brush gap is not a bit wider as otherwise this stand would fit my needs nicely .
if you own multiple shaving brushes i recommend you measure the narrowest gap on the handle and make sure it does not exceed one" in diameter before considering this purchase .
great product and looks great with my razor and brush .
i would readily recommend this stand .
the lunch bag i bring to work everyday !
cool stand if you have the room for it in the bathroom .
mine sits on the window ledge out of the way of the sink .
wife likes how orderly it keeps the tools .
nice shaving brush holder .
it takes minimal space on the counter .
i love the stand and how it fits my razor and brush .
it looks so cool .
quality piece .
given as a gift and recipient most pleased .
these cards are just lovely !
heavy , sturdy and looks great in the bathroom .
husband really likes this , great upgrade from his previous plastic brush holder !
excellent stand .
great chrome plating !
the shaving stand arrived before scheduled delivery date , thought , it was a sunday and my office was closed--i cannot accept packages in my apartment building so i receive things at work .
i missed the item , of course , but it came the very next business day , which was impressive .
the stand is as described and looks awesome with my art of shaving brush and my new merkur futur safety razor .
thanks for a great product and at a great price !
what can i say ?
-it holds my razor and shaving brush and does not topple over or take up a large amount of space .
looks elegant and is sturdy .
my husband loves is razor and brush stand !
cannot go wrong !
arrived in two days (prime) .
in a lovely box .
looks great . quality item .
my husband loves it .
solid , well-constructed , consistent .
no shortcuts or laziness on the machining .
well balanced in terms of weight as well .
overall a great addition to any old fashioned shaver's cabinet , especially if paired with a merkur razor .
well , i would say it is "perfecto" .
looks sharp , sturdy and holds my brush a razor well .
outstanding product - holds your razor and brush perfectly .
it is a quality item - heavy and well made .
great stand quality feel , sturdy and beautiful !
the product seems solid and looks great .
arrived on time and well packaged so no complaints at all .
best birthday gift i ever received .
i have recommended it to many many people .
corroded after a couple months .
the perfecto chrome stand is a must have accessory is you use a brush and bowl of shaving soap .
it will prolong the life of your shaving brush and it looks great .
there are other stands considered to be "high end ," if nothing else based on their significantly higher prices compared to this one , and if there is a specific design you favor i would say go for it , but if the classic vertical side by side layout is fine for you then i really cannot see spending more on another stand .
this stand has a very even , smooth , attractive finish on it .
i was surprised how even and straight the stipling on the neck is .
i am hanging a high end razor in it and the stipling looks right at home next to the razor .
the neck screws into the nicely weighted and padded base , and locks up tight and straight .
it really could not be any straighter or more solid feeling .
finally , i appreciated that the brush opening is the right size to hold most brushes by the top rim of the handle , it is a small thing but i really preferred it to having the bristles rest against the stand as they did with the previous model i used .
works fine , looks fine .
make sure your brush will fit in the forks .
if you bought your brush from art of shaving , it will not .
works great for holding your shaving razor and brush .
it is great as a stand alone product , since i did not want to purchase a "set" in order to get a good stand for products i already owned .
also a good price i felt .
these were a gift for my mother , and she loves them .
works just fine .
very pretty cover with a lot of room to write important appointments .
tired of relying on my cell .
when i received this product , i must say , i was pleasantly surprised .
i could not believe a product at this price point  would be completely free of any blemishes in the finish , but it was from what i could tell .
even the protective bottom on the base was aligned extremely well .
it looks good and it makes me happy when i look at it .
i would add a photo but the image shown  was equal to what i received .
.i would buy this again if ever needed another stand for my razor and brush .
fantastic stand .
the packaging kept it well protected during transit and holds my razor and brush perfectly to let them air dry .
i have not noticed any issues with rusting even though i place the wet brush on it daily .
this simple stand holds my razor and brush .
no frills , looks great , and feels sturdy .
made in china , sadly , but it can be overlooked .
love this item .
it is base heavy so it will not tip over   .
good quality and brings class to my bathroom sink .
the razor fall from this standi had to fixit .
great for the price - would prefer it to be a bit heavier (stops any accidental tipping if you are a tad rough like me) - but great overall .
the stand looks well made and good to last for a while  .
i have not had it for long but it is easy to clean and feels durable  .
heavy duty with a great finish .
since it has some weight it does not fall over easily .
looks great ,well made and useful .
great product .
great gift ! they love it .
great quality and value .
i will check in to see how its held up soon .
shave brush on one side , razor on the other .
what more do i need to say .
if you are reading this , just buy it .
it fulfills every need you are looking for in a brush stand .
it holds the brush .
excellent buy !
high quality - fair price - prompt delivery !
very happy with this purchase .
stand is solid and weights enough that tipping over is not a problem .
unfortunately my brush will not fit at the base of the handle .
however it fits snuggly at the base of the bristles without any damage to the bristles .
highly recommend this stand .
it is high quality , sturdy , nice finish , enough weight to be very stable , and looks great .
awesome .  great quality , timely shipping .
zero problems with it so far !
although inexpensive , i was surprised and pleased by the quality of this stand .
it is just the right weight to not be tippy but also not be clumsy .
it is the perfect size to hold brush and razor without taking up too much space near the sink , and the thickness of the metal is substantial and the quality of the chrome plating is first rate .
great little stand .
holds my shaving brush and long handled razor just fine .
a functional work of art .
well made quality product at a great price .
this is a must for anyone who uses a double edged razor and brush .
my boyfriend loves this razor and brush stand .
it was part of his valentines present and has become a permanent fixture in our bathroom !
this item is well made .
it is sturdy and nicely finished .
while it will hold a razor on one side and a shaving brush on the other , it is completely stable and can hold one or the other - it does not need both .
the stand is attractive , provides a very practical means of storing and having access to both razor and shaving brush , and provides the added benefit of being beneficial to the life of your shaving brush .
rinsing , shaking the water our and hanging it upside down on this stand to dry will prolong its useful life .
this stand works great .
well made sturdy product .
this stand is just the right size and shape for my parker razor .
i do not own a shaving cream brush but would accept a donation of one .
the stand is professionally made and very handsome on my shaving shelf .
looks nice , feels solid .
easy ! watch a youtube vid and voila .
i thought this product would be appropriate as i get into a more traditional method of shaving .
order was promptly fulfilled and shipped .
i like the classic design which matches well with the merkur barber pole razor i purchased .
stand looks sharp and functions very well with both my brush and razor , allowing both to properly dry .
high quality as one would hope from an officially ferrari-licensed product .
continually adjustable headband (no cheap plastic plugs) .
hoping to get wayne carini to sign at amelia two thousand and sixteen .
just what i needed ,good quality ,nicely weighted .
matches my razor and quite sturdy and convenient for holding and drying the razor and brush .
quality stand !
stable enough for the heaviest razor & brush , and fits a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/merkur-heavy-duty-double-edge-razor/dp/b000qyek88/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ?
ie=utf8">merkur heavy duty double edge razor </a>&nbsp;perfectly with some room to spare below the handle .
does not work as well for a gillette mach three sensitive disposable razor , but those are not really made to hang .
the pattern on it does not match the merkur razor's handle exactly , but it is close enough that nobody is likely to notice .
hardly noticeable in the photo , really .
the color of the metal matches perfectly , though , and i think it will look great even if your razor does not match exactly .
a gold-handled razor , for instance , would look even better on this .
the smaller prongs are exactly one/two" apart and the larger prongs are one one/sixteen" apart .
there are four .five inches between the prongs and the base for the handle to dangle .
seems to have a nice heavy chrome plating .
holds my razor and brush securely and is stable on my sink .
nice companion to the razor and brush , wish they would offer a set rather than having to order separately .
well made , and works just fine for out whippet .
the fleece lining is quite soft .
this is a sturdy , shiny stand .
this is everything i was asking for .
it is not too high either , just the right height and it goes well with my chrome razor .
excellent product !
razor & brush fits !
i bought this for a friend and he loved it .
very sturdy . work well with other perfecto products .
very sturdy , good looking stand .
my standard-sized brush and razor go in the openings with no problem .
i love this planner !
the cover is stunningly gorgeous but i also love that it allows you to slip your own photos or artwork inside , if you choose .
this planner is perfect for someone like me who needs to be able to toss it their purse while on the go .
i am a mom to three teens and also a book blogger so i live by my schedule !
this planner is small and durable so it will not get beat up along with everything in my purse which is great but it is also large enough to have plenty of room to plan out my days .
each month starts with a monthly overview in which each dated square has lines to write within , i am a messy writer if i do not have lines so this was a big draw for me when it came to choosing a planner .
after the overview page , each week is laid out over two pages with the most space being devoted to mon-fri and again , each dated box is lined allowing me to really plan out my day effectively .
at the back of the planner there is several pages for notes and a laminated listing of holidays and even a us map showing states , capitals & time zones which i thought was pretty cool .
in the front of the planner you have a yearly overview of two thousand and sixteen and two thousand and seventeen which is always a plus to have and there is a few pages for profile info , emergency contacts , and general contacts .
i would say the only downside that i found was that the monthly pages go only through dec two thousand and sixteen .
i am used to planners that give you a month or two of the following year at the end which was always great since my blog needs to be scheduled several months in advance .
this is a deal breaker though & only a little thing .
really it just means i need to get more organized and remember to order my two thousand and seventeen a few months early :) highly recommend for moms on the run !
works perfect !
excellent quality stand .
the heft and knurling belie the relatively inexpensive cost .
the rounded base looks better than others on the market .
overall , this stand has exceeded my expectations in finish and feel .
will see if the surface holds up over time (only a couple weeks of use) but so far more than pleased .
(fit's a bevel razor and brush very well .
this stand is a perfect addition to the bathroom and a clean way to store and hold razor and brush .
the stand is sturdy and does not easily tip over and will additionally stay balanced even if there is only one item hanging .
the stainless steel design is very easy to clean up , just simply wipe off any splatter and its good to go .
very simply but effective design to help with a clean and organized bathroom !
looks great ! functions properly !
looks great and works great !
looks nice on the counter top .
this looks just like the picture , i can fit my breakfast , lunch and maybe a few snacks .
i take a lot of food to work .
the pocket is roomy enough for medication/feminine products/etc .
i have had this cooler for at least 6months now and it is still like new .
the straps are durable .
i like that there is an off white color with the green , white would get dingy fast .
its easy to clean and maintain .
sleek & solid design , does the job well .
very sturdy brush & razor holder .
looks great & tall enough for my merkur 38c razor (long handle) .
love it , thanks !
love it product looks good  cleans up the clutter on sink allows tools to air dry .
the stand holds the brush just fine .
unfortunately it does not hold my gillette mach three razor at all - a very popular brand .
i believe what is needed are replaceable alternate top metal pieces to fit other type of razors or no razor at all .
also it would not be hard to tell in the advertising exactly what types of razors it holds so buyers can decide before the purchase and know exactly what they are getting .
it is a simple product that does what it should .
it look fine for the money .
no problems so far and i do not foresee any problems with this in the future .
elegant , stylish and practical .
a great addition to any bathroom .
it is not that great .
it does not fit my brush handle so it is almost pointless for me .
it does fit my razor and and has good bottom weight to it .
the bottom weight helps it from falling as much as some lighter products .
does an awesome job .
base is solid and sturdy .
love the calendars .
what i expected .
quality product .
exceeded my expectations in both weight and how it looks in my bathroom .
glad i purchased this one .
very happy with this product and a must have so that you can hang your shaving brush upside down !
technically , it can support my brush and razor , but i do not think it fits either my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/edwin-jagger-de89lbl-lined-detail-chrome-plated-double-edge-safety-razor/dp/b002rbf1po/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ?
ie=utf8">edwin jagger de89lbl lined detail chrome plated double edge safety razor</a>&nbsp;or my<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/parker-safety-razor-one hundred-silvertip-badger-bristle-shaving-brush-black-handle-brush-stand-included/dp/b004b6v24m/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ?
ie=utf8">parker safety razor one hundred% silvertip badger bristle shaving brush (black handle) -- brush stand included</a>&nbsp;adequately .
this is a great little stand .
perfect for my razor and brush .
looks nice too .
this is my 4th year using this calendar .
i absolutely love it for quick visual reminders of medications , appointments and etc .
it really helps me take care of my elderly parent , family and dog !
i use my i-phone calendar , but there is nothing like a quick peak at large calendar placed in a prominent place !
heavy duty razor stand and tall enough to allow brush and razor to dry properly .
this is great to hold my one hundred% badger shaving brush .
i did notice that many shaving heads do not fit nicely on the other end , you have to turn it sideways (talking about dsc and gillette shaving heads thus far , harrys might fit straight on , not certain) .
super cute- baby loved it .
this stand is very sleek looking and seems to be very well made .
it has a nice knurling handle to grip onto , and is heavy so it will not slide around .
very nice stand !
great quality , great value .
highly recommend !
excellent size and nicely weighted to hold my safety razor and brush perfectly .
exactly as i hoped the stand to be .
i bought this for my husband as an anniversary gift .
he loves it . i love it because it replaces the plastic one he would have sitting out on the sink .
it looks very classy .
nice little stand .
works well with the new brush .
i like the combination .
nice unit , does what it says and looks good on the shelf .
shaver and brush can now air dry .
this is a great stand for my brush and razor .
easy to clean and i like the heft of it as it does not wobble and feels very sturdy !
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone that has a brush and a safety razor !
very good product .
i will enjoy using it .
cheap and works great .
it is been getting covered in shaving soap and left in puddles of water for months now - but it still looks brand new !
has a substantial , quality feel .
heavier base than i expected and that is a bonus .
the stand is solid simple , i like it a lot .
great weight to it .
awesome balance .
really wanted a stand for my brush and a double stand was even better .
for the price it cannot be beat .
it is simple and therefore elegant , aesthetically pleasing , practical , and relatively sturdy .
i would recommend constructing slightly larger openings for both the safety razor and the shaving brush in the future .
great price & fast shipping .
nice stand . i use it with the merkur long handle razor , and it fits perfectly .
matches the color and pattern quite nicely .
i got this for a gift .
i was very pleased with my purchase .
the stand is a nice sterling silver that has a solid bottom .
great product .
very sturdy and nice looking .
my husband loved it .
when i first touched this as i took it out of the box , i could feel the substantial weight and quality .
i cannot afford a mansion or a high-end car , but little luxuries like this make life a tad better for a moment !
excellent quality razor .
a little bit on the small side but still a very good razor .
closest shave i have had in years .
great monthly calendar and you can put a picture in the cover .
first of all , i received the item on time .
thank you for that .
i recently started the tennis .
for the best performance on tennis , i needed the more power on my hand grip .
i have been using this one for almost one month without any problem .
this hand gripper works perfect as it is described .
and it is strong enough to hold eighty-eight lbs .
it is made with hard molded plastic .
it is very sturdy .
another pros is that you can adjust the lbs .
comparing to old style unbranded grip strengthener , this is awesome feature .
so , if you want to increase the hand grip power for better performance on exercise , music or whatever , please use this .
overall , i am happy with this purchase so far .
it is a well made stand and i would recommend it .
looks nice , gets everything off the sink !
great product !
very durable and easy to control the resistance settings .
i use it at work all the time .
great brush and safety razor stand .
very sturdy with a nice manly stylishly look .
this is my first stand i have owned and i am very happy with it .
great price ! great quality !
receiver of this gift loves this .
works well , pretty sturdy and matches your standard de blade look and feel .
this is an excellent shaving stand !
id been reluctant to use a razor/brush stand for years because those that id tried were easily knocked over , damaging the razor .
unlike the stands that i tried in the past , this one is nicely weighted and its not at all likely to tip over .
it holds my double edge razor and badger brush securely .
i would buy it again , and i highly recommend it to wet shaving enthusiasts .
this is perfect for me .
i buy one every year .
it is small enough to carry but not too small .
you can see the whole month at a time and there are daily pages to jot my to-do lists .
this is a very nice stand !
has nice weight to it and is made extremely well !
holds the brush and razor securely , so there is no concern there .
looks beautiful on the bathroom counter .
highly recommend !
my gillette mach three keeps falling out of this stand .
other razors may be ok .
goes nice with my husband's shaving set i bought him .
great stand for my razor and brush .
greatly priced too !
delivery was fast .
great product .
very satisfied .
if you are like me and do not want to hold your razor and badger brush twenty-four/seven , this is for you !
this perfectly holds your shaving essentials while you are away doing other things like working , sleeping , eating , basically anything other than shaving !
it has a heavy/solid base that stand firmly on my countertop .
the razor side fits and holds my razor .
however the brush side is closer to one" or bigger than the seven/eight" description said and does not fit my smaller brush .
to fix this i took one of my wife's hair ties and used it like a rubber band that now secures my smaller sized brush (which measures seven/eight") using the tension of the tie .
for the money it is great .
i do not regret purchasing this item , i wish my brush fit but i plan on buying a bigger brush when my current brush goes bad .
my husband loves this so far .
it fits both his brush and razor well and we are hopeful that the stainless steel holds up better than the cheap chrome one that he had previously .
amazing stand for the price .
very happy so far .
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/perfecto-deluxe-chrome-razor-and-brush-stand-the-best-safety-razor-stand-this-will-prolong-the-life-of-your-shaving-brush/dp/b00ko46cta/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt ?
ie=utf8">perfecto deluxe chrome razor and brush stand - the best safety razor stand !
! ! this will prolong the life of your shaving brush</a> .
i am glad i bought the stand , its really well built and the chrome plating was really a-one .
it even looks good on vanity .
you cannot go wrong for the price it costs .
sold by pop ! shop and fulfilled by amazon .
just what my husband wanted .
perfect fit for my fusion razor and brush .
good looking , well-made , great weight .
great stand just the right balance to keep your brush and razor organized and not tumbling or bouncing all over the place .
nice stand that arrived in perfect condition .
goes nicely with other shaving gear .
this is a really nice stand - great weight and size , and really looks good .
i purchased this product almost two months ago and i could not be happier with it .
i have a variety of safety razors and shaving brushes , and this stand holds all of them just fine .
the stand itself is a high-quality product .
it is weight and balance is perfect , and it has a beautiful chrome finish .
in addition to the quality of the product , i was also quite pleased with the seller pop !
shop . they shipped it out immediately , and it arrived on time as promised .
if you are looking for a stand for your razor and brush , then i highly recommend this product and seller .
holds your razor and brush .
what is not to like ?
perfect , solid , handsome .
perfect storage solution for the shower .
sturdy and beautifully designed .
christmas present for my mother - she loved it .
my razor fellow through .
it held the brush .
i archer sorry to return it .
solid heavy stand .
quality materials !
worth the money !
heavy-duty , strong , and pre-assembled on delivery .
i bought both this and the escali stand for about the same price , and this was nicer .
this stand exceeded my expectations .
built to last and heavy so it will not tilt .
fits the brush perfectly .
looks great on the counter .
very happy with the product and the fast shipping .
i recently purchased my first safety razor to help me keep my bear trimmed the way i liked it and after a month i decided it was time to give it a proper home .
having received a gift card i browsed amazon for the perfect , yet cost effective , stand which led me to this product .
it arrived promptly within two days in a perfect sized package and was in great condition .
overall the reviews i read about this product were spot on .
it was the perfect size for my safety razor and my shaving cream brush .
it is absoulutely gorgeous and stands out on my bathroom sink .
i actually had a friend come over last night who , after using the bathroom , commented on how nice it looked .
ten/ten would buy again if i had to !
lots of fun for camping .
stylish and received fun comments regarding the 'wine' glasses !
solid construction .
nice and heavy .
. .will not accidentally topple over .
rubberized bottom , so it does not slide around .
attractive way to display the razor and brush .
well designed and arrived on time .
brush and shaver fit nicely !
nice heavy duty stand , looks like its build well .
best value for the a high quality product , i was extremely pleased with the item .
it has the durability to be the last stand i will ever buy .
great quality , heavy stand .
the brush holder was a little too small for the cheap brush i have , but i made it work .
fast shipping .
simple and elegant .
it solved a serious issue i had .
prior to getting this i had my wife and children hold my brush and shaver which was fine but it was not a good long term solution .
after a few days of standing still they would randomly fatigue and collapse in the middle of the night and made loud "thump" noise as they hit the bathroom floor .
i have wanted a stand for my merkur hd safety razor and my shavemac silvertip badger brush for a long time but the brand name stands are stupidly expensive .
this stand is a great price and i have been very pleased with how sturdy it is and how good it looks holding my shaving tools .
very well made with quality materials .
beautiful , durable chrome finish .
it is hefty , with a weighted base , that makes it very stable .
stand looks great and feels very sturdy .
very happy with it .
works as expected .
. .good balance !
works great with a bore brush and razor .
very good metal and i have used it for over a year and a half .
i bought this for my husband's birthday , it has been very stirdy and looks nice on the counter .
beautiful high-quality razor and brush stand .
i looked and looked at all of the expensive stands in person and i could really not tell much difference at all .
yes , this one is $ one hundred cheaper than the rest , but , you do not suffer $ one hundred less in quality .
this stand in heavy chrome and works perfectly .
heavy , shiny , mates perfectly with my de safety razor , and holds my brush .
it has held up well for the almost two weeks i have had it , no tarnishing/discoloring or issues with the material used under the base for gripping coming off .
as of now i would highly recommend , but will update review if things change .
i am amazed at the quality and price of this stand .
this is my second and i still use the first .
it is amazing because a place at the mall sells the exact same stand for $ one hundred .
it is the same stand .
i go past that store from time to time to just get a reality check .
beautiful stand .
works great . looks great .
i would say i would buy this product again but i do not foresee ever needing another one .
did not really fit my parker boar's hair brush , so i had to get another stand .
it is a little tippy , think this is overkill for what you need to hang a brush and razor to dry out .
it looks nice , but beware that it might not fit your brush's handle .
works as adverstised and does exactly what i was looking for .
a good setup for the price !
what more can i say ?
it is exactly as described .
works as you would expect .
excellent product at an excellent price .
serves the purpose for my husband and i like the way it looks on the bathroom counter :-) happy wife happy life , right ?
! great quality and great price .
it really is a nice stand .
no complaints here !
works as it should .
i have only had it for a week though , anything changes and i will update my review .
it fits the perfecto brush perfectly and with a long handle butterfly razor looks very classy on the sink , my wife likes that the cup with dirty disposables in it has gone .
this stand is heavy , well made and cleans up easily , i highly recommend  it .
handsome stand for my perfecto brush and merkur hd .
tall enough to handle a variety of different razors as well .
it is a quality stand - but the razor holder section does not accommodate the gillette fusion ball handle- this is a bummer .
the product description needs to add this- (unless they did and i missed it) .
great quality item for a very good price .
the stand is more solid then i expected for the price .
the shape of this stand allows me to hang the shaving brush over the soap bowl , i could not do that with stand i had gotten with the kit .
this is well worth the money .
this is a perfect stand .
it is weighted and easy to clean .
the price was excellent and unless you are buying silver you could not do better .
tall enough for my razor and brush to hang and dry when i am done .
a must have to the wet shave man .
no frills , it does exactly what it needs to do .
it holds my brush and razor .
sturdy and looks great .
this thing is great for my safety razor and brush .
my cat kept wanting to play with my brush and knocking it down .
decided to get a stand to hold it and i could not be happier !
feels very sturdy and solid build and keeps my razor and brush out of the way .
really looks cool on my counter as well .
easy to clean as well .
does what it is supposed to do simply and well and inexpensively .
looks great .fast , fast delivery .
i like this set .
it looks stylish and it is convenient to have two different shapes .
the quality is solid .
nothing to complaint .
looks nice and holds the brush and perfectly .
what else do you want ?
the stand is beautiful and works great , however where the top part , which screws into the base is starting to rust .
very disappointed .
nice product for a good price .
this stand is weighty and sturdy .
got it for my husband , and he loves it !
looks nice on the counter , and it was a good deal less expensive than others i looked at .
got this for my husband as a gift and he loves it !
the quality is fantastic !
calendar is awesome .
sending this card to a friend is like sending him/her a flower .
the sunflower is a day brightener !
a wonderful gift .
i have use pop up cards often .
this tree came out of the box beautiful !
it was easy to put together and even came with two sets of gloves !
it looks real .
. .even up close .
excellent product .
my brush and razor fit well and it has never over balanced .
great stand the best i seen for my brush .
the only thing i do not like about this is my razor will not stay on it , but other than that its a good deal .
the stand works great for holding a safety razor and just about any shaving brush .
i have an omega #ten thousand and forty-eight as one of my shaving brushes and it is a big brush .
the handle will not fit on the stand , but it fits just right if you put it on the stand just below the handle where the bristles begin .
high quality heavy duty safety razor and brush stand .
chrome finish is very nice , the base is weighted pretty well and stays put .
great customer service and fast shipping even to an apo fpo address .
excellent product .
well crafted and sturdy at a reasonable price !
.  the base of the stand is heavy so i do not have to worry about the stand toppling over .
i like the classic style of the stand and it holds my parker 99r long handle shaver and escali shaving brush perfectly !
this stand arrived completely assembled , is very sturdy and high quality .
the weighted base (with a rubber pad) is more than sufficient to hold my brush and merkur razor .
the chrome finish is excellent and should last for many years .
highly recommended .
the stand has some weight to it , so it does not topple over easily .
the simple chrome look keeps it classy on the bathroom counter and can go with any sort of decoration theme/decor .
nice heavy stand for shaving brush and razor !
must have to hold items .
highly recommend .
cool beans ! convenient and stylish way to hold your razor and brush .
great shirt , great fit , great price !
this is one of my favorites due to the vivid colors , the fit , etc .
works well in shower , can be used for makeshift self defense .
received it quickly and it was exactly what i wanted .
holds the brush and razor just fine .
excellent boxing and shipping .
this would have been great if it fit my brush .
i bought my brush from the shaving club .
make sure you do not get this if you have a brush from them .
this product has more than met my expectations thus far .
while i have only had it for a short time , i have found it to be both very functional and attractive .
it looks pretty good !
holds merkur 38c and ambroley brush puuurfect !
nicely weighted and it fits my brush and razor quite well .
awesome game ! great for a fun gathering of friends along with a few drinks !
normal size beanie , with a very nicely embroidered triforce emblem .
exactly what i wanted .
real nice brush and razor fit real well .
holds my brush and merkur razor without tipping .
nice product  .
. . thanks very much perfecto !
very high quality .
heavy metal stand with a great shine .
was surprised at how good the quality was for being so inexpensive .
nice look . fits perfectly for my brush and razor .
product has started to corrode on top where i hang my brush .
have not had it long either .
i am looking to buy a stainless steel version next and round file this one .
really impressive tree .
it goes together quickly and easily .
had a friend (who always gets a real tree) ask if it was real .
the storage bag it comes with is very sturdy , and the two pairs of gloves are really convenient (and yes , they protect your hands well as you reach into the branches - but not your arms .
. .wear long sleeves) .
the narrow profile means we did not have to rearrange the entire room , just clear a corner , but it does not look skinny .
the two upward tongs are not steep enough .
my store bought gillette razor slides right out .
my harry's razor kind of fits .
very satisfied with my purchase !
this is a nice looking razor and brush stand at a great price .
love my boyds  bear calendar .
very nice and useful in the bathroom .
sturdy well made .
awesome stand .
looks even better than the pictures .
it is not big , which is nice so it does not take up alot of space .
solid product .
very nice stand .
it is exactly as shown .
has a good weight to it .
well made . finish is so far so good .
i would recommend this stand .
who does not like a nice zelda beanie .
very comfortable and very cool .
perfecto is the right name for it !
the product is nicely weighted and great quality .
it also shipped quickly despite the east coast blizzard !
looks great , good quality .
cannot wait to put it in my bathroom .
classy look . quality feel .
has a good ratio of weight to it .
high quality material .
too bad it did not feet my needs the way i wanted it too , but it is an excellent product !
good looking and effective .
great durable stand !
i have had mine for about two years now .
the shiny chrome plating is peeling off in large chunks revealing what looks like low quality pot steal underneath .
just give it a few years and you will likely discover the same thing .
rated number one for a reason .
well pleased with my purchase .
this razor & brush stand holds my double edge razor and soap brush perfectly .
it has all the qualities listed on website .
i like the weighted base , which helps keep the stand steady when in use .
good product . it does what it was intended to do .
this is perfect for storing your razor and brush .
well made and great appearance .
heavyweight so tipping is not an issue .
i would recommend this to anyone for keeping your brush in proper condition .
very good chrome plated finish and size , but the weighted base is not heavy enough .
pros: the base is heavy and sturdy .
it does its job .
cons: fits my brush a little too snug .
all in all a nice product that does its job .
no real complaints aside from the sizing .
beautiful shaving stand , solid too .
very high quality , a must for beginning a shaving set .
this is an excellent stand .
not only does it look lovely on the counter but it helps keep the razor and brush in good condition and it is more hygienic than leaving them on the counter or in a drawer .
i am very happy with this purchase .
really good looking , functional little stand .
the pattern on the stem matches/resembles most of the chrome/steel razor stems out there and hence helps you create that matched look .
you will not go wrong with this .
great little stand , my merkur razor and escali brush both fit perfectly .
looks great in my bathroom .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
not only does it exceed my expectations but three people visited over the weekend , noticed it and wanted to know where they could get one .
of course i gave them your info on amazon .
does the job ,pleasing to the eye .
this was a lot heavier than i expected it to be , which i was very happy about !
it looks really nice and does a great job of holding my brush and razor .
christmas present for my son along with the big boy razor .
he was very happy .
simple , elegant , cleans easily , does the job .
i use this with my merker razor and escali badger hair shave brush .
well-made product that looks great with the chrome finish .
my bathroom now looks a bit classier as it holds my merkur safety razor .
will probably be looking into brushes next .
not much else to say other than this should be a buy for anyone who takes pride in their shave .
exactly what my husband wanted  !
! ! everything was perfect & the price great  !
it is a sturdy stand and fits a normal brush well , though mine is a bit irregular .
was delivered promptly .
very well made and looks great !
very sturdy and looks great !
holds up the brush and razor .
so adorable . looks exactly as it did online .
very sturdy and we will made .
i am very happy with the price and quality of this product .
got this as a gift for my husband .
works as intended without taking up too much space , i like it .
great product !
the stand is solidly built , holds my safety razor and boar head brush perfectly , and looks great .
could not ask for a better stand for the price .
holds my satin tip brush by the handle perfectly .
well built , heavy making it very stable .
finish is shiny and and easy to clean .
seems to be good quality , nice finish .
i love the calender .
t is everything that i expected .
solid base , attractive design , and great delivery time .
simple and sturdy .
that is all you need in a stand .
it looks great too .
given as a gift .
friend is a boyds bear collector , so she was head over heels with this calendar and loved that it was a practical gift that she could use and enjoy all year long .
great product .
perfecto deluxe chrome razor & brush  holder , arrived within a few days in perfect condition .
it holds all the razors i use .
the brush i have is too small though .
i will probably order the perfecto brush .
the stand is built solid .
let us see how the chrome lasts in the bathroom .
does the job . arrived extremely quickly .
keeps the shaving brush in good shape and allows it to dry overnight .
seems to be a pretty essential accessory if you are going to shave with a traditional brush and cream .
very cute calendar .
made a great gift to a boyds collector .
well built and fits both perfecto brush and gillette razor .
this is a great product .
looks great and does it is job .
very well constructed .
the chrome finish is of good quality , and the knurled ribbing on the post complements the shaver handle while also being practical .
arrived assembled , which was a nice surprise at this price .
holds my dorco shavers if turned sidewise , but i tend to leave an edwin jagger in it , partly because it looks like a finished set .
item as described and standard .
looks attractive and works well .
great stand . my brush and razor fit perfectly .
excellent stand for the price .
feels solid and looks great .
holds my shaving brush and merkur 38c de razor very well .
great value for money .
so glad i ordered .
excellent quality .
we recently had our bathroom remodeled and this matched the trim perfectly .
the stand is well made and solid , does not tip over when just the brush is hanging .
my package was even shipped early and arrived a few days before it was scheduled to .
classes up my shaving area .
i buy these calendars every year .
exactly what i was expecting .
brush holder does not fit parker , make sure to read before buying .
elegance meets function with this beautiful and practical razor and brush stand .
just what i was looking for at a great price .
had the razor and brush for long time .
the stand is awesome .
regret waiting so long to purchase one .
the stand is very nice my razor and brush fit perfectly .
after looking at it there is no pitting and it is very finely polished , all while having a good weight with a grippy material on the bottom of the base .
i recently purchased this amazing razor and brush stand , the perfecto deluxe for my husband .
oh my goodness  !
was he ever pleased  .
.   ! ! he said it is the best one he has ever received or even found on his own  .
i was so happy i was able to find this beautiful , solid stand on amazon !
it was a win/win for me !
happy husband and happy me with my amazon purchase of this extremely , attractive , solid stand .
i read the reviews of numerous razor brush stands and felt this was the one for me to get my husband who is a expert on all things shaving !
so glad i did  .
thank you for having such a superior product in your line up .
great seller . received item on time and as expected .
you will not be disappointed if you buy this item .
wow ! heavy duty for my shaving brush and razor .
nice chrome throughout .
soft pad on bottom to protect counter .
this unit is very sturdy and looks great on the counter .
looked nice and made a good gift .
a very attractive razor and brush stand .
razor holder is twenty-five/thirty-two" wide brush holder is one one/sixteen" wide .
fits my double edge razor and brush fine .
measure yours to be sure they will fit .
looks nice on the sink .
nice , but it is too small to hold the "prince" brush by the handle .
you have to slide it in at the bristles .
solid and heavy !
very sturdy and classy  !
best stand for a safety razor and brush .
the stand is beautiful and the base is weighted so it should not too over .
the only problem i have is that my shave brush does not fit in the stand as intended .
i plan on ordering a nicer brush anyway , so hopefully the next one fits .
simple product that delivers .
arrived promptly and perfectly suited my needs .
solid heft and quality .
looks nice and classy in our bathroom .
a nice classic stand that is pleasant to look at .
no real issues except the brush clamp is a bit tight to fit the perfecto pure badger hair brush .
it does fit , but you need to use two hands to put it in or it will flop over .
i was a bit skeptical about this stand when i bought it considering the price .
but having seen it in person , it is worth the price .
fits well with my merkur thirty-four c .
great product !
great price !  i am am very happy .
higher quality than i expected for such a low price .
this stand is awesome .
it holds my parker safety razor handmade deluxe "long loft" one hundred% pure badger shaving brush with black & chrome handle (part # blackchrpb) and parker 99r butterfly razor like it was made for them .
highly recommended .
nice , well made product .
it is not surprising that this razor strand is the best seller in its category on amazon .
it is , to be honest , better than what you see in the photo: very attractive ,  solid , and practical .
i received it ahead of schedule , which is alway impressive .
i wholeheartedly recommend this product and this seller hands down .
love this planner !
it is beautiful and laid out very nicely !
this works perfectly for my razor and brush .
it keeps everything right where i need it , and looks great too !
great product and great customer service !
this stand is well made and is weighted so as not to tip over .
i really like having my razor and shave brush air dry hanging from this stand .
it is much better looking than the picture .
my wife even stated she liked it sitting on the sink .
works great with safety razor and brush that were bought separately .
stands without a problem .
good so far . .
my son loves it !
buy one every year , love this calendar !
i have been buying a new blue sky dayplanner every year for the past few years .
they fit well into my purses and i love the layout .
great for my dad .
my sixteen year-old ordered this shirt .
sometimes she is a small and other times she fits a medium .
she ordered a medium in this shirt and it was a half-size too big .
we washed the t-shirt and then put it in the dryer to dry .
once we did that , it was the perfect size !
! ! ! !  she loves the shirt and has received many compliments .
the fabric is soft and the print is of excellent quality .
